RECORD OF DECISION
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, Kings County, New York
United States Environmental Protection Agency
Region II
New York, New York
September 2013
DECLARATION FOR THE RECORD OF DECISION
SITE NAME AND LOCATION
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, Kings County, New York
Superfund Site Identification Number: NYN000206222
Operable Unit: 01
STATEMENT OF BASIS AND PURPOSE
This Record of Decision (ROD) documents the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's
(EPA’s) selection of a remedy for the contaminated sediments and source controls at
the Gowanus Canal Superfund site (the “Site”), chosen in accordance with the
requirements of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended (CERCLA), 42 U.S.C. '§ 9601-9675, and the National
Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan, 40 CFR Part 300. This
decision document explains the factual and legal basis for selecting a remedy to
address the contaminated sediments at the Site. The attached Administrative Record
Index (see Appendix III) identifies the items that comprise the Administrative Record
upon which the selected remedy is based.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) was
consulted on the proposed remedy in accordance with CERCLA Section 121(f), 42
U.S.C. ' 9621(f), and it concurs with the selected remedy (see Appendix IV).
ASSESSMENT OF THE SITE
Actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances from the Site, if not addressed
by implementing the response action selected in this ROD, may present an imminent
and substantial endangerment to public health, welfare or the environment.
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELECTED REMEDY
The selected remedy, which addresses contaminated sediment, includes the following
components:
 Dredging of the entire column of hazardous substance-contaminated sediments
which have accumulated above the native sediments in the upper and mid-
reaches of the canal (referred to as “soft sediments”).
 In-situ stabilization (ISS)1 of those native sediments in select areas in the upper
1 Mixing of materials, such as Portland cement, into the sediments to bind the contaminants
and mid-reaches of the canal contaminated with high levels of nonaqueous
phase liquid (NAPL).2
 Construction of a multilayered cap in the upper and mid-reaches of the canal to
isolate and prevent the migration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)
and residual NAPL from native sediments.
 Dredging of the entire soft sediment column in the lower reach of the canal.
 Construction of a multilayer cap to isolate and prevent the migration of PAHs
from native sediments in the lower reach of the canal.
 Off-Site treatment of the NAPL-impacted sediments dredged from the upper and
mid-reaches of the canal with thermal desorption,3 followed by beneficial reuse
off-Site (e.g., landfill daily cover) if possible.
 Off-Site stabilization of the less contaminated sediments dredged from the lower
reach of the canal and the sediments in the other reaches not impacted by
NAPL, followed by beneficial reuse off-Site.
 Excavation and restoration of approximately 475 feet of the filled-in former 1st
Street turning basin.
 Excavation and restoration of the portion of the 5th Street turning basin beginning
underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and extending approximately 25 feet to the
east and the installation of a barrier or interception system at the eastern
boundary of the excavation.
 Implementation of institutional controls incorporating the existing fish
consumption advisories (modified, as needed), as well as other controls to
protect the integrity of the cap.
 Periodic maintenance of the cap and long-term monitoring to insure that the
remedy continues to function effectively.
 Combined sewer overflow (CSO)4 controls as discussed below.
To prevent recontamination of the canal following the implementation of the above-
described remedial actions, the upland sources of hazardous substances, including
discharges from three former manufactured gas plants (MGPs), CSOs, other
contaminated upland areas and unpermitted pipes along the canal, must be addressed
prior to the commencement of, or in phased coordination with, the implementation of the
selected remedy.
The former MGP facilities are being addressed by National Grid, a potentially
responsible party (PRP) for these facilities and the Site, under NYSDEC oversight.
Based upon the first NYSDEC-selected remedy at one of these former MGP facilities
and NYSDEC guidance for presumptive remedies at former MGP facilities, it is
assumed that a range of actions will be implemented at the facilities (that may include
physically/chemically.
2 Concentrated liquid contamination, typically oil-like, that forms a separate phase and is not
miscible with water.
3 Utilization of heat to increase the volatility of organic contaminants so that they can be
removed and destroyed.
4 Combined sewers receive both sewage and stormwater flows and discharge to the canal when
the sewer system’s capacity is exceeded.
ii
removal of mobile sources, construction of cut-off walls along the canal, and active
recovery of NAPL near the cut-off walls for each of the former MGP facilities) which will
prevent the migration of contamination from the former MGP facilities into the canal.
The cleanup of the former MGP facilities will be completed in accordance with
schedules agreed upon between the EPA and NYSDEC. In the unlikely event that
timely and effective state-selected remedial actions are not implemented at a given
former MGP facility, the EPA may implement actions pursuant to CERCLA to ensure
the protectiveness of the selected remedy.
NYSDEC is currently overseeing work being performed by New York City (NYC) to
reduce CSOs to the canal by approximately 34 percent in middle and lower canal
outfalls. To significantly reduce overall contaminated solid discharges to the canal, the
selected remedy also includes the following CSO control measures for the upper reach
of the canal:
 Construction of in-line sewage/stormwater retention tanks to retain stormwater
which currently discharges through outfalls RH-034 and OH-007. It is estimated
that an 8-million gallon tank and a 4-million gallon tank will be required to
address CSOs from outfalls RH-034 and OH-007, respectively. In addition,
outfalls located in the vicinity of outfalls RH-034 and OH-007 that contribute
smaller CSOs will be connected to the retention tanks. The location of the
retention tanks will be determined during the remedial design. While the sizes of
the tanks will be determined during the remedial design, they are expected to
conform with the requirements of the Clean Water Act (CWA) and to
accommodate projected additional loads to the combined sewer system that
result from current and future residential development, as well as periods of high
rainfall, including future rainfall increases that may result from climate change.
 In the event that the permanent measures described above are not implemented
in a timely manner, interim controls, such as temporary solids capture and
removal, will be implemented to mitigate sediment from the CSO discharges
until the permanent measures have been implemented.5
 Implementation of appropriate engineering controls to ensure that hazardous
substances and solids from separated stormwater, including from future upland
development projects, are not discharged to the canal.
Current and future high density residential redevelopment along the banks of the canal
and within the sewershed shall adhere to NYC rules for sewer connections (Chapter 31
of Title 15 of the Rules of the City of New York) and shall be consistent with current
NYC Department of Environmental Protection (NYCDEP) criteria (NYCDEP, 2012) and
guidelines to ensure that hazardous substances and solids from additional sewage
loads do not compromise the effectiveness of the permanent CSO control measures by
exceeding their design capacity.
Since the EPA is incorporating contaminated CSO solids control in the remedy
5 It is unlikely that permanent measures to control the CSO discharges will be in place before
the commencement of the remediation of the canal sediments.
iii
selection, siting, remedial design and remedial action pursuant to the authority of
CERCLA, certain CERCLA statutory authorities including, but not limited to, permit
exemption and environmental impact statement functional equivalency apply. The EPA
seeks to coordinate the CERCLA and CWA processes to the extent practicable, to
ensure that the selected CERCLA remedy is implemented in an effective and timely
manner.
The selected remedy also includes the following measures for discharges from upland
sites (other than the former MGP facilities) and for unpermitted pipes along the canal:
 The EPA and NYSDEC will coordinate measures to control discharges from
upland contaminated areas adjacent to the canal that have already been
referred to NYSDEC for action. The schedule for these measures will conform
to the schedules for the cleanup of the canal.
 Unpermitted pipe outfalls will be either controlled or eliminated.
The environmental benefits of the selected remedy may be enhanced by consideration,
during the design, of technologies and practices that are sustainable in accordance
with the EPA Region 2’s Clean and Green Energy Policy and NYSDEC’s Green
Remediation Policy.6 This will include consideration of green remediation technologies
and practices.
The estimated present-worth cost of the selected remedy is $506 million.
The selected remedy will address source materials constituting principal threats by
thermally treating the NAPL-impacted sediments dredged from the upper and mid-
reaches of the canal, thereby satisfying the CERCLA preference for treatment.
DECLARATION OF STATUTORY DETERMINATIONS
The selected remedy meets the requirements for remedial actions set forth in CERCLA
Section 121, 42 U.S.C. ' 9621, because it: 1) is protective of human health and the
environment; 2) meets a level or standard of control of the hazardous substances,
pollutants and contaminants which at least attains the legally applicable or relevant and
appropriate requirements under federal and state laws; 3) is cost-effective and 4)
utilizes permanent solutions and alternative treatment (or resource recovery)
technologies to the maximum extent practicable. In keeping with the statutory
preference for treatment that reduces toxicity, mobility or volume of contaminated media
as a principal element of the remedy, all of the contaminated sediments that are
removed from the canal, as well as some contaminated sediments that remain in the
canal, will be treated by implementing the selected remedy.
6 See http://epa.gov/region2/superfund/green_remediation and http://www.dec.ny.gov/docs/
remediation_hudson_ pdf/der31.pdf.
iv
Because this remedy will result in hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants
remaining on-Site above levels that allow for unlimited use and unrestricted exposure, a
statutory review will be conducted within five years after initiation of remedial action to
ensure that the remedy is, or will be, protective of human health and the environment.
ROD DATA CERTIFICATION CHECKLIST
The ROD contains the remedy selection information noted below. More details may be
found in the attached Decision Summary and the Administrative Record file for this Site.
Contaminants of concern and their respective concentrations (see ROD,
Appendix II, Tables 3 and 4);
Baseline risk represented by the contaminants of concern (see ROD, pages 31-
34 and Appendix II, Tables 6-15);
Cleanup levels established for contaminants of concern and the basis for these
levels (see ROD, Appendix II, Table 15);
Manner of addressing source materials constituting principal threats (see ROD,
pages iv and pages 74-75);
Current and reasonably-anticipated future land use assumptions and current and
potential future beneficial uses of groundwater used in the baseline risk
assessment and ROD (see ROD, pages 29-30);
Potential land and groundwater use that will be available at the Site as a result of
the selected remedy (see ROD, pages 83-84);
Estimated capital, annual operation and maintenance and present-worth costs;
discount rate; and the number of years over which the remedy cost estimates are
projected (see ROD, page 82 and Appendix II, Tables 16 and 17); and
Key factors used in selecting the remedy {i.e., how the selected remedy provides
the best balance of tradeoffs with respect to the balancing and modifying criteria,
lighting criteria key to the decision)(see ROD, page 89).
S^f^l^o^ 7- ;io/ 3
/alter E. Mugdan, Director Date
Emergency and Remedial Response Division
RECORD OF DECISION FACT SHEET
EPA REGION II
Site
Site name: Gowanus Canal Site
Site location: Brooklyn, Kings County, New York
HRS score: 50
Listed on the NPL: March 2, 2010
Record of Decision
Date signed: September 27, 2013
Selected remedy: Dredging of accumulated sediments, capping, off-Site thermal treatment
of dredged nonaqueous phase liquid (NAPL)-impacted sediments in the
canal and existing turning basins, in-situ stabilization of native
sediments with high levels of NAPL, excavation and restoration of a
portion of the filled-in former 1st Street and a portion of the 5th Street
turning basin beginning underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge, stabilization
of sediments not impacted by NAPL and reuse off-Site, institutional
controls and combined sewer overflow controls.
Capital cost: $285,700,000
Treatment and Disposal cost: $216,000,000
Annual operation, maintenance,
and monitoring cost: $4,400,000
Present-worth cost: $506,100,000
Lead EPA
Primary Contact: Christos Tsiamis, Remedial Project Manager, (212) 637-4257
Secondary Contact: Joel Singerman, Chief, Central New York Remediation Section, (212)
637-4258
Main PRPs National Grid and New York City
Waste
Waste type: PAHs, PCBs and heavy metals, including mercury, lead and copper
Waste origin: Spills/disposal
Contaminated media: Sediments
DECISION SUMMARY
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, Kings County, New York
United States Environmental Protection Agency
Region II
New York, New York
September 2013
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION PAGE
SITE NAME, LOCATION and DESCRIPTION 1
SITE HISTORY AND ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES 2
HIGHLIGHTS OF COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION 9
SCOPE AND ROLE OF OPERABLE UNIT 12
SUMMARY OF SITE CHARACTERISTICS 13
RESULTS OF THE REMEDIAL INVESTIGATION 19
CURRENT AND POTENTIAL FUTURE LAND AND RESOURCE USES 31
SUMMARY OF SITE RISKS 33
REMEDIAL ACTION OBJECTIVES 44
SUMMARY OF REMEDIAL ALTERNATIVES 50
COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES 66
PRINCIPAL THREAT WASTE 78
SELECTED REMEDY 78
STATUTORY DETERMINATIONS 91
DOCUMENTATION OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES 93
REFERENCES 94
APPENDICES
APPENDIX I: FIGURES
APPENDIX II: TABLES
APPENDIX III: ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD INDEX
APPENDIX IV: STATE LETTER OF CONCURRENCE
APPENDIX V: RESPONSIVENESS SUMMARY
APPENDIX VI: STATEMENT OF FINDINGS: FLOODPLAINS AND WETLANDS
SITE NAME, LOCATION and DESCRIPTION
The Gowanus Canal1 is a 1.8-mile-long, man-made canal in the Borough of Brooklyn in
New York City (NYC), Kings County, New York (see Figure 1) (see Appendix I for
figures).
To facilitate the assessment and management of the canal, it was divided into three
Remediation Target Areas (RTAs) that correspond to the upper reach (RTA 1), middle
reach (RTA 2) and lower reach (RTA 3) (see Figure 2).
There are five east–west bridge crossings over the canal, at Union Street, Carroll
Street, 3rd Street, 9th Street and Hamilton Avenue. The Gowanus Expressway and a
viaduct for NYC subway trains pass over head. North of Hamilton Avenue, the canal is
approximately 5,600 feet long and 100 feet wide, with a maximum water depth of
approximately 15 feet in the main channel at low tide. There are four short turning
basins that branch to the east of the main channel at 4th Street, 6th Street, 7th Street
and 11th Street. A former turning basin at 1st Street and an extension of the 4th Street
turning basin that had been referred to as the 5th Street turning basin were filled in
between 1953 and 1965 (Hunter Research et al., 2004). An extension of the 7th Street
turning basin has also been filled. South of Hamilton Avenue, the canal widens to a
maximum of approximately 2,200 feet and ranges in depth from -15 to -35 feet mean
lower low water (MLLW).2 The Gowanus Canal has no remaining natural wetlands
(various small, unconnected areas of vegetation and intertidal habitat exist) or natural
shoreline. The vast majority of the shoreline of the canal is lined with retaining
structures or bulkheads.
The canal is located in a mixed residential-commercial-industrial area. It borders
several residential neighborhoods, including Gowanus, Park Slope, Cobble Hill, Carroll
Gardens and Red Hook, with housing located within one block of the canal. The
waterfront properties abutting the canal are primarily commercial and industrial. Re-
zoning of canal-front parcels to high density residential began in 2009 and further such
re-zoning is anticipated. During major storm events, canal flooding affects broad areas
which are industrial, residential and commercial in nature.
A number of businesses use the canal for maritime commerce. All but two of the
businesses are located south of 9th Street and none are located north of 4th Street. The
canal is also regularly used by recreational boaters (primarily, canoers and kayakers).
A limited number of people reside in houseboats on the canal.
1 The Site’s Superfund Site Identification Number is NYN000206222. The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) is the lead agency; the New York State Department of
Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) is the support agency.
2 As a tidally-influenced water body, the canal has two high tides and two low tides of unequal
height each tidal day. MLLW is the lower low water height of the two low tides.
Despite a New York State Department of Health fish advisory covering the entire
Gowanus Canal, posted warnings and public outreach efforts, the canal is regularly
used for fishing, particularly subsistence fishing by communities with environmental
justice concerns surrounding the canal.
SITE HISTORY AND ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES
Prior to being developed, the area around the Gowanus Canal was occupied by
Gowanus Creek, its tributaries and lowland marshes. Before the mid-1840s, the creek
and its tributaries were dammed and used primarily to power tide mills (Hunter
Research et al., 2004). By the mid-1840s, Brooklyn was rapidly growing and the
Gowanus marshes were considered to be a detriment to local development. In 1848,
the State of New York authorized construction of the Gowanus Canal to open the area
to barge traffic, flush away sewage, receive stormwater and fill the adjacent lowlands
for development. The canal was constructed in the mid-1800s by bulkheading and
dredging.
The former 1st Street turning basin3 was originally utilized to deliver coal via barges to
the former Brooklyn Rapid Transit Power House. The Power House consumed large
quantities of coal. During its operating era, large coal piles surrounded the building
until the plant became obsolete and was removed from service. As was noted above,
the 1st Street turning basin was filled in. Portions of the building were also torn down
over time. By 1969, the 125-foot tall smokestack and dynamo sections of the Power
House had been demolished and the currently extant section of the Power House was
the only part of the original building still standing.
The 4th Street turning basin extends from the main channel east to the 3rd Avenue
bridge; the 5th Street turning basin originally continued east from there nearly to 4th
Avenue. Both basins were completed in the early 1870s, contemporaneously with the
main channel of the canal. As was noted above, the 5th Street turning basin was filled
in between 1953 and 1965. A portion of that fill extends underneath the 3rd Avenue
bridge into the 4th Street turning basin. Sediment has further accumulated throughout
much of the 4th Street turning basin.
Following its construction, the canal quickly became one of the nation’s busiest
industrial waterways, servicing heavy industries that included manufactured gas plants
(MGPs), coal yards, cement manufacturers, tanneries, paint and ink factories, machine
shops, chemical plants and oil refineries. The Gowanus Canal served as an open
sewer when it was initially constructed in the late 1860s. As a result of the poor
environmental practices typical of the era, large quantities of wastes from many of
these operations were discharged directly into the canal. By the late 1870s, sewers
3 The 1st and 4th Street turning basins are described in detail since they will be addressed under
the selected remedy.
2
entering the canal carried a combination of household waste, industrial effluent from
the MGPs and other industries and stormwater runoff (Hunter Research et al., 2004).
These discharges, which contained hazardous substances such as polycyclic aromatic
hydrocarbons (PAHs) (a semi-volatile organic compound [SVOC]), polychlorinated
biphenyls (PCBs), pesticides, metals and volatile organic compounds (VOCs), caused
the canal to become one of New York’s most polluted waterways.
The initial canal design recognized the likelihood of stagnant pollution problems and
proposed various flushing solutions. These were not, however, implemented. Studies
and commissions have repeatedly examined methods of addressing the contamination.
A series of unsuccessful solutions were implemented, including directing additional
sewage discharges to the canal in order to improve flow. In 1911, NYC began
operating the Gowanus Canal flushing tunnel to address the canal’s serious water
quality issues. The flushing tunnel connects the head of the canal with Buttermilk
Channel in Upper New York Bay. It was designed to improve circulation and flush
pollutants from the canal by pumping water in either direction. The flushing tunnel
starts at Degraw Street on Buttermilk Channel and ends on the west side of the canal
at Douglass Street. The flushing tunnel operated until the mid-1960s, when it fell into
disrepair.
The flushing tunnel was rehabilitated and reactivated in 1999 by the NYC Department
of Environmental Protection (NYCDEP), pumping cleaner harbor water from Buttermilk
Channel to the canal using a rebuilt version of the 1911 propeller-based pump system.
Thereafter, NYCDEP determined that the 1990s flushing tunnel repairs were
inadequate, because the pumping system was poorly designed, difficult to maintain
and unable to function properly at low tide.
Direct discharges to the canal from industrial activities were substantially reduced or
controlled over time because of declining industrial activity and the implementation of
the Clean Water Act (CWA) in the early 1970s. Discharges from present-day industrial
operations are regulated and permitted under the CWA’s National Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System (NPDES) and its state counterpart, the State Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System (SPDES).
Although the level of industrial activity along the canal declined over the years as
industry shifted away from the canal, high levels of hazardous substances remain in
the sediments and upland sources. Discharges from upland contaminated areas
adjacent to the canal, CSOs, storm sewers and unpermitted pipe outfalls continue to
contribute contaminants to the canal. The history of these sources is summarized
below.
3
Discharges from Upland Contaminated Areas Adjacent to the Canal
Contaminated areas adjacent to the Gowanus Canal are being investigated and
remediated under the direction of NYSDEC. The EPA is coordinating with NYSDEC on
these matters. Environmental investigations or cleanups are underway at the former
Fulton Municipal Works Manufactured Gas Plant, Carroll Gardens/Public Place
(formerly known as “Citizens Gas Works”) (hereinafter, “Public Place”)4 and
Metropolitan former MGP facilities along the canal. Until these sites are remediated,
contaminants from them will continue to be transported into the Gowanus Canal
primarily by the migration of nonaqueous phase liquid (NAPL)5 through subsurface
soils and groundwater discharge of dissolved-phase contaminants. PAHs are the
primary contaminants of concern (COCs) from these sources.
The former MGP facilities are being addressed under the State Superfund and
Brownfield Cleanup programs by National Grid, a potentially responsible party (PRP)
for both these facilities and the canal. NYC owns a large portion of Public Place and
Thomas Greene Park, a portion of the site where the former Fulton MGP facility
operated. Together with National Grid, NYC is a signatory to the NYSDEC Brownfields
cleanup order for Public Place. As the owner of these parcels, NYC may be
considered a PRP for these facilities.
The EPA and NYSDEC have agreed to a coordinated schedule for the former MGP
facilities and canal sediment cleanup efforts based on the anticipated timing of the
dredging in the canal (which will commence at the head of the canal). In January 2012,
NYSDEC directed National Grid to begin the expedited remedial design of a cutoff wall
as an interim remedial measure for the former Fulton MGP facility, near the head of the
canal. The purpose of this wall is to prevent subsurface migration of NAPL from the
former Fulton MGP facility into the sediments at the bottom of the canal. For the Public
Place former MGP facility, centrally situated near the curve in the canal (see Figure 2),
the remedy includes a combination of excavation and a subsurface barrier wall and tar
extraction wells. An investigation and partial source control cleanup was implemented
at the former Metropolitan MGP facility, the third and most southerly former MGP
facility, in 2003 under the State’s Voluntary Cleanup program. Since there are potential
source areas at this site that were not addressed by the actions taken in 2003, a
remedial investigation (RI)6 for this site is currently underway.
Based on the results of the EPA’s RI, additional upland areas were found to have the
potential to contribute contaminated groundwater and NAPL to the canal and were
4 A remedy was selected for the Public Place former MGP in 2007. The design of the selected
remedy is approximately 50% complete.
5 Concentrated liquid contamination, typically oil-like, that forms a separate phase and does not
dissolve in water.
6 The purpose of an RI is to determine the nature and extent of contamination at a site.
4
referred to NYSDEC for investigation and, if necessary, remediation under the State
Superfund or other remedial program. Remediation schedules will be coordinated with
the schedule for the canal remedy. Relative to the former MGP facilities, these areas
are much smaller potential sources and are, thus, expected to require only a fraction of
the time and cost to address.
Discharges from Combined Sewer Overflows and Stormwater
Combined sewers (sewers that receive both sewage and stormwater flows) serve 92
percent of the Gowanus Canal watershed, storm sewers serve only 2 percent and
direct runoff drains 6 percent (NYCDEP, 2008a). The Owls Head and Red Hook
wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) serve the area. When an appreciable amount
of rainfall occurs, runoff enters the combined sewers and exceeds the capacity of the
system and the Owls Head and Red Hook combined sewer systems overflow to the
canal. There are ten active CSOs and three stormwater outfalls discharging to the
Gowanus Canal (see Figure 3 for the locations). Four of the CSO outfalls account for
95 percent of the annual discharge. The greatest annual discharge volume is from
outfall RH-034, located at the head of the canal (121 million gallons; NYCDEP, 2008a).
The CSO discharges result in point source loading of high-organic-content solids and
associated hazardous substances to the canal.
In 2008, NYCDEP prepared a Gowanus Canal Waterbody/Watershed Facility Plan
Report (WB/WS Plan) as part of its City-Wide Long-Term CSO Control Planning
Project (NYCDEP, 2008a). This work is being performed under an Administrative Order
on Consent (AOC) between NYCDEP and NYSDEC.7 The goal of that project is to
implement a series of improvements to achieve compliance with water quality
standards under the CWA. Specific objectives of the plan include eliminating odors,
reducing floatables and improving dissolved oxygen concentrations to meet surface-
water-quality standards. NYCDEP’s planned improvements for the Gowanus Canal
include continued implementation of programmatic controls, modernization of the
Gowanus Canal Flushing Tunnel, reconstruction of the Gowanus Wastewater Pump
Station, cleaning/inspection of the outfall OH-007 floatables/solids trap, repairs to the
Bond-Lorraine Street sewer main, periodic water body floatables skimming and CSO
sediment mound dredging.
In July 2010, the flushing tunnel was shut down by NYCDEP to perform facility
improvements. This effort includes the installation of more efficient pumping systems,
which will increase the volume of water by approximately 40 percent under a peak
design flow. The reconstruction of the Gowanus Wastewater Pump Station, which
began in February 2010, will increase the pumping capacity to deliver sewage to the
Red Hook WWTP. All of these ongoing improvements are projected to decrease the
7 NYSDEC Case No. CO2-20000107-8 dated January 14, 2005 and updated on April 14, 2008,
September 3, 2009 and March 8, 2012.
5
overall discharge to the entire canal by approximately 34 percent.
However, the greatest changes in annual CSO discharge are concentrated in the
middle and lower portions of the canal. Although outfall RH-034 at the head of the
canal has been projected to experience fewer discharge events per year, its total
annual flow is projected to increase approximately 5 percent. Annual CSO discharges
from RH-034 and OH-007 will still contribute approximately 97 percent of the total
annual CSO flow into the canal.
The completion of the flushing tunnel and pump station improvements is anticipated by
September 2014. The cumulative impact of these projected flow reductions and
flushing improvements on sediment transport and deposition throughout the canal
cannot currently be predicted with a high degree of confidence, although preliminary
modeling by National Grid indicates that contaminated CSO solids will still be trapped
in the canal even with enhanced flushing tunnel flow. Following the upgrades to the
flushing tunnel and pump station, NYCDEP will conduct post-construction monitoring
and then will begin the planning and public participation related to a CWA Long-Term
Control Plan (LTCP)8 which will analyze the next stage of CSO-related improvements
for the canal. The LTCP is to be submitted to NYSDEC in June 2015.
NYCDEP also plans a sewer separation project in a 96-acre area around Carroll Street
for flood control purposes. It is projected that this effort will result in an additional
overall CSO reduction of 5 percent when it is completed in 2022. However, the PAHs
in the stormwater component of the CSO will still discharge to the canal.
NYCDEP is also undertaking a green infrastructure effort9 that will result in an
estimated 10 percent CSO reduction in stormwater discharges to the entire canal over
an extended period of time (20-30 years) (NYCDEP, 2012). Two pilot projects for the
control of street runoff along the Gowanus Canal (the DL and Studio’s Sponge Park at
2nd Street, on the Carroll Gardens side of the canal and the Gowanus Conservancy
green infrastructure at 2nd Avenue on the Park Slope side) are being supported by
federal and NYC grants.
It should be noted that NYC’s sewer system operations include the treatment and
disposal of hazardous substances consistent with the categorical pretreatment
8 An LTCP is a phased approach for control of CSOs that requires a permittee to develop and
submit an approvable plan that will ultimately result in compliance with CWA requirements
and New York State water quality standards.
9 Green infrastructure is a network of open spaces and natural areas, such as rooftop gardens
and vegetated swales, which naturally manage stormwater, thereby reducing storm runoff
into the storm sewers.
6
standards promulgated under 40 CFR § 430.5, which limit the pollutant discharges to
publically-owned treatment works from specific process wastewaters of particular
industrial categories. Various industrial facilities within NYC, including those operating
within the Gowanus Canal sewerage area, have historically discharged and continue to
discharge hazardous substances to the NYC sewage system. As part of its water and
sewer rates, NYC charges for such disposal through the sewers. NYC has operated
an Industrial Pre-treatment Program (IPP), as required by federal regulations, since
1987 in order to help protect the sewers, the wastewater treatment plants and NYC's
receiving waters. As part of the IPP, NYCDEP issues permits for and inspects IPP
facilities. CSO events, however, may result in the discharge of sanitary sewage and
hazardous substances disposed of by non-regulated users or picked up from captured
stormwater. Some of these hazardous substances tend to bind to the organic solids
present in the sewage.
The WB/WS Plan acknowledges that solids associated with CSO events will continue
to be discharged to the canal following implementation of the current upgrades. In
response, the WB/WS Plan includes an analysis which suggests that the upgraded
flushing tunnel will disperse the solids more evenly throughout the canal and into the
harbor than in the past (NYCDEP, 2007a). In conducting this analysis and describing
future operations, the WB/WS Plan has effectively memorialized the canal’s historic
role as an extension of NYC’s sewer system. The canal, particularly the upper canal,
has and will continue to function as a sewage retention basin. Among other things, this
historic and on-going usage has created CSO mounds located at the head of the canal.
The WB/WS Plan again calls for dredging these mounds, a measure which has been
authorized but not implemented since 1983 (NYCDEP, 2008a).
Unpermitted Pipe Outfalls
Nearly 250 outfalls were identified and inspected during the RI, most of which were
pipes located on private property. In general, these are unused pipes associated with
historic industrial activities. Twenty-five of these pipe outfalls were observed to be
actively discharging during dry weather (about a third of these discharges may have
been tidal backflow). The flow rate from all but one of the active outfalls was very small
(the majority are estimated to be less than 1 liter/minute).
Permitted Pipe Outfalls
A review of NYSDEC and the EPA databases identified five active permitted
discharges to the canal. During the RI, discharges were not observed in three of these
permitted outfalls. Two of the permitted outfalls could not be clearly identified because
of the large number of outfalls in their vicinity.
7
Prior Dredging of the Canal
The canal’s narrow 100-foot width upstream of the Gowanus Expressway is the entire
navigational channel, unlike many river and harbor sites where the shipping channel
represents a fraction of the total area of the water body. In the upper two-thirds of the
canal, NYC has primary responsibility for maintaining the navigational depths.
Limited recent dredging of the canal has been performed and documentation of
historical dredging is sparse. There are no federal, state or local regulatory
requirements related to the depth of the canal north of Hamilton Avenue. Below
Hamilton Avenue, the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers (USACE) previously performed
maintenance dredging.
While NYCDEP has obtained State approvals for successive water quality
improvement-related dredging (1983, 1993 and 2008), no major dredging has been
performed in the canal in three decades. The current plan for dredging the CSO
mounds at the head of the canal is scheduled for completion in 2017.
Prior Studies
Since 1983, NYCDEP has compiled four separate major reports on water quality and
CSOs controls for the canal, each of which was approved for implementation by
NYSDEC. Since 2003, the USACE and National Grid have each issued about a dozen
reports regarding the canal. National Grid has completed numerous reports regarding
its former MGP facilities and studies and/or cleanups have been conducted at another
dozen or more upland areas.
Listing on National Priorities List
In April 2009, the Gowanus Canal was proposed for inclusion on the National Priorities
List (NPL) pursuant to the Superfund law at the request of NYSDEC. Following the
proposal for inclusion on the NPL, the EPA commenced an RI. On March 2, 2010, the
EPA placed the Gowanus Canal on the NPL.
In April 2010, the EPA entered into administrative consent orders with NYC and
National Grid to perform work in support of the EPA’s RI and feasibility study (FS).10
The draft RI report was completed in January 2011 and the draft FS report was
completed in December 2011. In connection with the release of these reports, the EPA
conducted significant public outreach throughout 2011 and 2012. The outreach
process included numerous public meetings with formal presentations, as well as
informal question and answer sessions. An FS report addendum was completed in
December 2012.
10 An FS identifies and evaluates remedial alternatives to address the contamination.
8
HIGHLIGHTS OF COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION
Due to the technically complex issues at the Site and the significant public interest, the
EPA greatly augmented its interaction with the community beyond what is typical for
the Superfund remedy selection process. Specifically, while the EPA typically releases
RI/FS reports simultaneously with the Proposed Plan11 and conducts a public meeting
to discuss the results of the investigation and the basis for the preferred remedy, for the
Gowanus Canal site, the RI and FS reports were released separately at the time of
their respective completion in order to facilitate their review and understanding by the
public. The RI report was made available on the EPA’s website in January 2011 and
the FS report was made available on the EPA’s website in December 2011. Following
the release of each of these documents, the EPA held separate public meetings in the
Carroll Gardens and Red Hook neighborhoods to present the findings. These
meetings were announced in the local press. Several follow-up meetings to further
discuss the technical issues and the community’s concerns were held at the invitation
of the Gowanus Canal Community Advisory Group (CAG), the local Community Boards
and other local organizations.
On December 27, 2012, a press release was issued (which generated a number of on-
line articles) and a number of e-mails were sent to the Site’s mailing list re-announcing
the availability of the RI and FS reports and announcing the availability of an FS
addendum report and Proposed Plan on the EPA’s website. On December 28, 2012,
the RI report, FS report, FS addendum report and Proposed Plan were made available
to the public at information repositories maintained at the Community Free Library,
located at the Carroll Gardens Library, the Joseph Miccio Community Center in Red
Hook and the EPA Region II Office in NYC. A notice of availability for the above-
referenced documents was published in the Courier Life, Red Hook Star-Revue and
The Brooklyn Paper on January 4, 2013. Notices were published in these papers
again on January 18, 2013 to announce a revised starting time for the January 23,
2013 public meeting. On January 23, 2013 and January 24, 2013, the EPA conducted
public meetings at Public School 58 (the Carroll School) and the Joseph Miccio
Community Center, respectively, to present the Proposed Plan for the Site, including
the preferred remedy, and respond to questions and comments from the approximately
200 attendees at the January 23, 2012 meeting and 100 attendees at the January 24,
2012 meeting.
Although serious concerns were expressed about a proposed on-Site confined disposal
facility (CDF)12 for the stabilized, lesser contaminated sediments at the January 24
11 A Proposed Plan describes the remedial alternatives considered for a site and identifies the
preferred remedy with the rationale for this preference.
12 A secure structure designed to contain dredged sediments (in this case, after stabilization)
within a waterway.
9
meeting, there was clear overall support for the major components of the proposed
remedy, similar to the support expressed during the January 23 meeting..
Prior to the release of the Proposed Plan and the commencement of the public
comment period, a member of the CAG expressed concern that a 30-day comment
period would be too short to provide the CAG members and other stakeholders
sufficient time to provide technically well-informed comments. Accordingly, a 90-day
public comment period was announced at the time of the release of the Proposed Plan.
In response to a January 28, 2013 request from NYC that the public comment period
be extended 30 days, the comment period was extended to April 27, 2013.
A notice announcing the extension of the public comment period to April 27, 2013 was
published in the Courier Life, Red Hook Star-Revue and The Brooklyn Paper on March
22, 2013.
During the comment period, in addition to the two meetings discussed above, the EPA
held informational meetings with the CAG in Carroll Gardens on February 11, 2013,
and again with the Red Hook community on February 13, 2013, the residents of public
housing located immediately north of the canal on March 27, 2013 and the Red Hook
community on April 16, 2013, the CAG on April 23, 2013 and the residents of public
housing again on April 25, 2013. The purpose of these meetings was to discuss, in
more detail, the specifics of the Proposed Plan and to answer additional questions from
the community. With the exception of the April 25, 2013 meeting which was attended
by 25 people, all of the other follow up meetings were well attended.
The public generally supports the dredging, capping and CSO abatement components
of the remedy. The CAG, which is comprised of approximately 50 members
representing over 30 organizations and 20 non-organizational members, passed
resolutions in support of the overall remedy, including 100% CSO control. Community
Board Six, a municipal entity which represents the neighborhoods surrounding the
canal, submitted comments supporting the overall remedy.
While 15 businesses and approximately 700 Red Hook residents located in close
proximity to the proposed location of the CDF expressed support for its construction,
approximately 900 parties located in other sections of Red Hook, elsewhere in New
York State and in other states expressed strong opposition to the CDF option. In
addition, No Toxic Red Hook submitted two similar petitions to the EPA containing
approximately 2,500 original names and signatures from business owners, residents,
users of the recreation area and concerned citizens. The petitions express opposition
to the processing of contaminated sediments in Red Hook and their placement in a
CDF.
10
Although various development interests filed formal comments in opposition to
nomination of the Site for the NPL in 2009, no comments were filed in opposition to the
Proposed Plan by the developers who have acquired property along the canal for
residential, commercial and other redevelopment purposes since the Site was placed
on the NPL.
Friends of Douglass Greene Park presented the EPA with a petition with 765 parties
expressing opposition to the placement of an in-line sewage/stormwater retention tank
beneath the Douglass and Degraw community pool. The petition also sought an
assurance from the EPA that should any disruption or displacement to the pool be
necessary as a result of the remediation, the park’s facilities and services would be
provided at a nearby location.
NYCDEP submitted 124 pages of comments, with approximately 300 pages of
attachments. When read in their entirety, NYCDEP’s comments state that the CSOs
do not contribute to unacceptable impacts to the canal, lengthy additional studies are
needed prior to remedy selection, further NAPL controls are needed and various
project complexities effectively prevent addressing the contamination in the canal.
National Grid submitted 43 pages of comments and 600 pages of attachments.
National Grid, in sum, agreed that a cleanup of the canal can be done, despite
significant technical challenges, asserted that even greater CSO controls were
warranted and advocated for less dredging than indicated in the Proposed Plan.
Comments questioning various aspects of the remedy were also submitted by various
other PRPs and industry-related parties. Notably, NYC was alone in stating that no
further CSO controls are warranted. Industry and other PRP commenters suggested
that additional CSO controls beyond those set forth in the Proposed Plan are needed
for an effective cleanup.
Responses to the questions and comments received at the public meetings and in
writing (letters, postcards and emails) during the public comment period are included in
the Responsiveness Summary (see Appendix V).
The areas adjacent to the canal historically have been residential, commercial and
industrial. It is well known that significant redevelopment is anticipated around the
canal, including high density residential redevelopment along the banks of the canal
that has already been approved. Therefore, it was not necessary for the EPA to solicit
the public’s views on reasonably-anticipated future land use. Since the area is served
by municipal water and the aquifer is already designated as a drinking water source
(although it is not likely that the groundwater in the vicinity of the canal will be used for
potable purposes in the foreseeable future), it was not necessary for the EPA to solicit
the public’s views on potential future beneficial groundwater uses.
The EPA has conducted extensive community outreach during the development of the
11
RI/FS and Proposed Plan and is committed to maintaining a transparent, proactive
community interaction process during each cleanup phase, with informal comment
opportunities on all key elements of the design and implementation. The EPA is
committed to working with the community to minimize short-term impacts, including any
temporary disruptions to public amenities.
SCOPE AND ROLE OF THE OPERABLE UNIT
The National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan (NCP), at 40
CFR Section 300.5, defines an operable unit as a discrete action that comprises an
incremental step toward comprehensively addressing site problems. A discrete portion
of a remedial response eliminates or mitigates a release, threat of a release or pathway
of exposure. The cleanup of a site can be divided into a number of operable units,
depending on the complexity of the problems associated with the site.
The Site is being addressed as a single operable unit.
The EPA has the primary responsibility under CERCLA for investigating and
remediating the canal sediments. By agreement between the EPA and NYSDEC,
NYSDEC has the primary responsibility for the investigation and response actions
related to the upland properties adjacent to the canal and the CSOs under the CWA.
Addressing ongoing contaminant contributions to the canal from active sources is a
prerequisite to a sustainable remedy for canal sediments.
The primary objectives of the response action are to remediate the contaminated
sediments in the Gowanus Canal in order to reduce or eliminate unacceptable human
health and ecological risks from exposure to the contaminated sediments, and to
prevent recontamination of canal sediments after the remedy is implemented.
Contaminated groundwater that is migrating to the canal from the upland sources is
being addressed by a combination of federal and state response actions. Groundwater
and NAPL source areas associated with the former MGP facilities are being addressed
by NYSDEC, in coordination with the EPA, under existing and anticipated MGP
program response action decisions.
The EPA screened other upland source areas to identify locations where NAPL may
have the potential to migrate through the subsurface into the canal. Of the areas
identified through this process, the EPA currently plans to address a portion of the 1st
Street turning basin and the portion of the 4th Street turning basin located underneath
the 3rd Avenue bridge through this response action decision, while 400 Carroll Street13
will be addressed through a non-time-critical removal action consistent with this
response action decision.
13 A former oil terminal facility and location of a suspected coal tar hotspot.
12
Additional source areas (e.g., Chemtura Corp.14 and 627 Smith Street15) are already
being addressed under various NYSDEC cleanup programs, such as the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and state Brownfields redevelopment. The
remainder of the EPA-identified upland groundwater source areas have been referred
to NYSDEC for further investigation. These parcels will be addressed, as necessary, in
separate response action decisions under NYSDEC authority, in coordination with the
EPA. If any additional groundwater contamination source areas which threaten the
effectiveness of the selected remedy are later identified, the EPA or NYSDEC will
address such locations, as appropriate.
The cost of response actions, such as the former MGP facilities, Chemtura and
Brownfields, which are being or will be addressed through separate decision
documents, are not included in this decision document.
SUMMARY OF SITE CHARACTERISTICS
Site Hydrology
The Gowanus Canal is a tidally influenced, dead-end channel that opens to Gowanus
Bay and Upper New York Bay (see Figure 1). The canal experiences a semidiurnal
tidal cycle (i.e., two high tides and two low tides of unequal height each tidal day), with
a vertical tidal range from 4.7 to 5.7 feet. The only fresh surface water inflows to the
canal are wet-weather CSO and stormwater discharges. Because of its narrow width,
limited freshwater input and enclosed upper end, the canal has low current speeds and
limited tidal exchange with Gowanus Bay. Circulation is enhanced by the addition of
water from the flushing tunnel located at the head of the canal, when it is operating
(NYCDEP, 2008a).
The canal upstream of the Gowanus Expressway has been designated “Use Class
SD,” which indicates that the surface waters should be suitable for fish survival, as
described in Title 6 NYCRR Part 701. The area downstream of the Gowanus
Expressway is designated “Use Class I,” which indicates that the waters should be
suitable for finfish propagation and survival as described in Title 6 NYCRR Part 701.
Site Hydrogeology
Four geologic units (in order of increasing depth and age) lie beneath the area
surrounding the Gowanus Canal:
 Fill
14 A former laboratory and chemical manufacturing facility located at 633 and 688 Court Street.
15 The former Barrett Manufacturing Co. asphalt roofing facility.
13
 Alluvial/marsh deposits
 Glacial sands and silts
 Bedrock
Fill materials are associated with canal construction and subsequent industrialization
and regrading of the area, much of which was originally marshland. The fill consists of
silts, sands and gravels mixed with ash and fragments of brick, metal, glass, concrete,
wood and other debris.
The alluvial/marsh deposits lie below the fill and are composed of sands (alluvial
deposits from flowing water bodies), peat organic silts and clays (marsh deposits).
These alluvial/marsh deposits are associated with the original wetlands complex (i.e.,
native sediment) that was present when the area was settled.
A thick sequence of glacial deposits occurs below the alluvial/marsh deposits. The full
thickness of the glacial deposits was not penetrated in the RI, but the observed glacial
deposits were composed mostly of coarser grain sediments (sands and gravel) and
occasional beds of silt. These glacial sands, silts and gravel were deposited as glacial
ice melted during the retreat of the last ice age. At the base of the glacial sequence lies
a layer of dense clay, deposited by the glacier or prior to glaciation.
Weathered and competent bedrock underlies the glacial deposits. The bedrock
consists of a medium- to coarse-grained metamorphic rock known as the Fordham
Gneiss (GEI, 2005).
The primary aquifer beneath the Gowanus Canal and surrounding uplands is identified
as the Upper Glacial Aquifer, which generally occurs in the thick sequence of glacial
deposits but may include sandy units in the alluvial/marsh sediments. The Upper
Glacial Aquifer appears to be generally unconfined, although local beds of silt and clay
may confine underlying sand beds. In the Upper Glacial Aquifer, regional groundwater
flows to the west/southwest toward Gowanus Bay. Groundwater-bearing zones in the
fill and alluvial/marsh deposits discharge to the canal.
The canal is located within the area designated for the Brooklyn Queens Sole Source
Aquifer. Groundwater is not, however, used as a potable water supply in this part of
Brooklyn.
Multiple lines of evidence were developed in the RI to characterize the hydraulic
relationships between local groundwater and the canal. Potentiometric surfaces
developed from the synoptic (instantaneous points in time) measurement events
suggest that, at the water table, groundwater flows toward the canal. Potentiometric
data from intermediate wells screened in the glacial deposits depict a more complex
pattern, with groundwater generally flowing upward toward the canal, which is typical of
14
a discharge area. Data from a five-day tidal evaluation indicate that at specific locations
adjacent to the canal, canal elevations at high tide consistently exceeded groundwater
elevations in the shallow fill/alluvium, creating hydraulic conditions for surface water to
intermittently flow into shallow aquifer sediments.
Sediment Characteristics
The sediments in the canal consist of two distinct layers. The upper layer is referred to
as “soft sediment.” The soft sediment has accumulated in the canal over time since the
canal was last dredged. The soft sediment layer ranges in thickness from
approximately 1 foot to greater than 20 feet, with an average thickness of about 10
feet. The thickest deposits are found at the head of the canal and within the turning
basins. The soft sediment consists, generally, of a dark gray to black sand/silt/clay
mixture that contains variable amounts of gravel, organic matter (e.g., leaves, twigs,
vegetative debris)16 and trash. Odors described as “organic,” “septic-like,” “sulfur-like,”
and “hydrocarbon-like” were commonly detected in the soft sediment during the RI, as
were visible sheens. The soft sediments are underlain by the alluvial and marsh
deposits of the Gowanus Creek complex that were present prior to the canal’s
construction. These deposits are referred to as “native” sediments and consist of
brown, tan and light-gray sands, silts, silty sand, sandy clay, clay and peat.
Sediment coring data produced by the EPA and National Grid document the presence
of high-organic content sediments that adsorb and retain contaminants, including
PAHs. Many of these sediments also contain visible sheens, indicating the presence of
undissolved petroleum hydrocarbons or coal tar. Specifically, the total organic carbon
(TOC) content is substantially higher in Gowanus Canal surface sediments than in the
Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference area sediments, with averages of
6.4 and 2.8 percent, respectively. The high TOC content of the surface of the soft
sediment reflects the impact of CSO discharges to the canal. NYCDEP has estimated
the loading of biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) to the canal and noted that CSOs
dominate these loadings relative to stormwater runoff (NYCDEP, 2008a). BOD is
another measure of organic matter in a sample. High concentrations of organic
contaminants (i.e., PAHs associated with NAPL) appear to have increased the TOC
measurements in some samples. Other physical characteristics of each sediment type
in the Gowanus Canal and Upper New York Bay reference area (i.e., grain size
distribution, percent solids, sulfide concentration and bulk density) are described in the
FS report.
16 While the soft sediments are comprised of mineral grains, naturally-occurring organic
material and sewage, as is noted in the “Nature and Extent of Contamination” section,
below, these sediments are heavily contaminated with PAHs, PCBs, metals and VOCs.
15
Shoreline and Bulkhead Characteristics
NYCDEP (NYCDEP, 2008b) has documented that the shorelines of the Gowanus
Canal are entirely altered. While there are areas where the shoreline consists of riprap
and piers, the shorelines are dominated by bulkheads (NYCDEP, 2008b).
A bulkhead inventory performed along the entire length of the canal by Brown Marine
Consulting (2000) indicated that there are four primary types of bulkheads:
 Crib-type bulkheads, which are constructed of interlocking timbers or logs that are
filled with backfill to form a type of gravity retaining structure.
 Gravity retaining walls, which are built so that the weight of the wall itself provides
stability.
 Relieving platforms, which consist of a deck of timber or concrete supported on
piles, typically timbers or logs, at an elevation high enough above the mean low
water17 line to not require underwater construction techniques but low enough to
keep the pilings continuously submerged.
 Steel sheet-pile bulkheads, which are flexible walls constructed of steel sheets with
interlocking joints. The steel is capped with concrete or masonry construction.
Anchorage systems prevent outward movement and consist of tie-rods and anchors
(e.g., structures buried inshore of the bulkhead, such as massive concrete blocks or
steel sheet-piles). The bulkheads north of Hamilton Avenue are generally
constructed of wood or steel.
The survey concluded that the existing structures were sufficient only to support
present loading conditions and that any type of dredging activity could threaten
bulkhead stability due to the deteriorated condition of the structures. The survey was
based only on visual examinations of structures without physical or laboratory testing
and recommended that a more thorough investigation of bulkhead integrity be
performed if dredging is planned. The report also noted that an estimated 42 percent of
the bulkhead length was in fair condition or worse.
Hunter Research et al. (2004) quantified bulkhead conditions in 2003. In that survey,
they evaluated bulkhead construction and determined that approximately 73 percent of
the bulkheads along the main canal and turning basins were crib-type bulkheads with
timber construction. Approximately 10 percent of the bulkheads consisted of concrete
or bridge abutments and 17 percent were timber or steel sheet-piling-type barriers.
Limited environmental investigations of the shoreline were conducted immediately
adjacent to the canal and beyond the limits of the upland source areas. These
17 The average of all the low water heights.
16
investigations revealed the presence of coal tar at certain locations in the canal bank at
the same elevation as the tar in the canal. These findings suggest that tar might have
migrated along the canal and re-infiltrated into the bank at locations away from the
original source areas. These areas of bank-stored tar may act as secondary sources
of contamination to the canal.
Areas of Archaeological or Historical Importance
In 2006, the Gowanus Canal Historic District was found eligible for the National and
State Registers of Historic Places by the New York State Historic Preservation Office
(SHPO).18 The district was identified as a result of an eligibility study undertaken by
Hunter Research in 2004 for the USACE. Additional contributing resources were
identified by the SHPO in 2008 following a cultural resources study undertaken in
response to a proposed Toll Brothers project at 363-365 Bond Street.
The EPA supplemented this information during the RI/FS. Documentary research and
a high-resolution side-scan sonar survey performed for the RI identified known historic
resources in the form of the canal bulkheads, as well as anomalies on the canal
bottom, which will be the subject of further investigation. The variety of bulkheads
reflects an evolution of technology, a varied use of materials and an effective means of
maintaining the function of the canal, thus ensuring its role in the commercial
development of Brooklyn.
A historical and archaeological study of the Gowanus Canal was carried out as part of
the FS to assist the EPA in meeting its obligations under Section 106 of the National
Historic Preservation Act and its implementing procedures (36 CFR Part 800). The
study’s objectives were to establish prehistoric and historic contexts for identifying and
evaluating potential subsurface features of interest that may have been buried following
the draining and filling of the Gowanus Creek marsh during the construction of the
canal from circa 1853 to 1870. As part of this report, a Historic American Engineering
Record (HAER) narrative history of the Gowanus Canal was prepared.
One conclusion of the study was that sites of potential archaeological interest exist
within the Gowanus Canal project area. These include an area of prehistoric potential
from the former 1st Street turning basin up to Degraw Street, the sites of three tide mill
complexes, two corridors of battle action from the Battle of Brooklyn during the
18 The district is a linear corridor following the canal channel from a point opposite Percival and
17th Streets extending approximately 6,500 feet northeast to a point between Douglass and
Butler Streets. It includes the canal channel and bulkheads and 13 related contributing
buildings and structures, sharing a context within the industrial landscape that developed
adjacent to the canal following its initial phase of construction and improvement from circa
1853 to 1870.
17
Revolutionary War and two potential sites of soldier burials.
A geotechnical evaluation of soil borings indicated that the likelihood for these sites to
have survived intact is very low to low but not entirely without potential. Their state of
integrity is unconfirmed, but if intact, they will be deeply buried at depths of at least 15
feet at the edges of the canal, with the greatest likelihood of intact survival existing just
outside of the canal bulkheads (about 20 feet from the edge of the canal). Moving
away from the canal, any surviving cultural stratigraphy generally will be buried less
deeply (based on documented patterns of filling in the former tidal marshes) and have
a much higher likelihood of having been disturbed by more than 150 years of intensive
urban development.
Of greater certainty are the survival of archaeological resources associated with the
Gowanus Canal itself and the industries that grew beside it in the mid- to late 19th
century. The canal and its turning basins include more than two miles of timber
cribwork bulkheads that have been identified as part of the canal’s historic fabric and
are likely to contain important information about the canal’s design and construction.
Within the canal itself are the remains of at least four shipwrecks and a high likelihood
that several other ship hulls have survived within the fill of the former 1st Street turning
basin. Canal-side industrial archaeology sites also have the potential to yield
information related to specific industries and research questions about those industries’
activities and their impact on the natural and human environment.
The study also identified recommendations for further archaeological studies and
considerations to be included in the remedial design in order to avoid or mitigate
remedy impacts on potential archaeological resources. Recommendations for
additional cultural resources work during the remedial design phase include the
refinement of the archaeological “Area of Potential Effect;” targeted research on canal-
related, mid- to late-19th-century industrial sites that may be impacted by ground
disturbances; additional, targeted geotechnical investigation; and archaeological
monitoring of the removal/stabilization of timber cribwork bulkheads with
documentation of sample bulkheads. Specifically related to the recommended
monitoring, the additional effort will document the design and construction of the
canal’s timber cribwork and include the preparation of drawings as appropriate for
inclusion in a supplemental HAER documentation package. Other resources identified
for monitoring include any identified potential industrial archaeological resources,
maritime resources identified by side-scan sonar in 2010, and the buried ships
reportedly located in the former 1st Street turning basin. Further archeological studies
may be required to avoid or mitigate potential remedy impacts related to siting of CSO
controls and any temporary water treatment or staging facilities.
Should the bulkheads be subject to adverse effects as a result of cleanup actions, a
wide range of mitigating measures could be implemented as part of the remedy. As
18
noted above, the appropriate measures will likely include additional documentation of
bulkhead characteristics and the incorporation of archaeological and architectural
investigations. Where new bulkhead construction is required, bulkhead configurations
that are in keeping with the historic character of the setting will be considered.
Further examination of anomalies on and within the sediments will need to be
performed as remediation proceeds. This investigation will likely encompass further
remote sensing and/or direct examination of items in the canal bottom.
RESULTS OF THE REMEDIAL INVESTIGATION
Based upon an analysis of the extensive prior studies and reports that were prepared
for the canal and upland areas, the following additional work was performed as part of
the RI: bathymetric survey; survey of outfall features, including identifying outfall
features, collecting and analyzing outfall water samples and tracing outfall features to
their origin; cultural resources survey, including a bulkhead study; sediment coring;
surface sediment sample collection and analysis; surface water sample collection and
analysis; fish and shellfish tissue sample collection and analysis; air sample collection
and analysis; CSO sediment and water sample collection and analysis; and
hydrogeological investigation, which included groundwater monitoring well installation
and development, soil sampling, groundwater sampling, groundwater/surface water
interaction sampling, synoptic measurements of water levels and tidal evaluation.
Geophysical Surveys
The bathymetry of the canal was measured by the USACE in a January 2010 survey
using the same methodology as was used in the 2003 USACE bathymetry study
performed in a joint investigation with NYCDEP. The measured bottom depth
elevations ranged from approximately -0.13 feet to -38 feet North American Vertical
Datum 1988 (NAVD88). The bottom depth elevations measured within the canal north
of Hamilton Avenue were typically between -0.13 feet and approximately -18 feet
NAVD88; much lower sediment surface elevations were measured south of Hamilton
Avenue. The sediment surface at the head of the canal and in the eastern ends of
many of the turning basins is exposed at low tide. Evidence of propeller scour in the
form of a deeper sediment surface was noted in the southern portion of the canal; this
area is subject to frequent tugboat activity to move and position oil and gravel barges at
the various commercial terminals near the mouth of the canal.
Debris, such as tires, sunken barges, concrete rubble, timbers, gravel and general
trash, is widespread throughout the canal. A debris survey was performed in late 2005
by National Grid using magnetometer, sub-bottom profiling and side-scan sonar
technologies.
The combined observations from the 2003 and 2005 geophysical surveys, 2010 side-
19
scan sonar survey and 2010 RI field observations were used to characterize the
distribution of debris and obstructions in the canal. Detailed observations are provided
in the RI/FS reports.
Extent of Contamination
Sediment
The horizontal and vertical distribution of contamination in surface sediment (0-to-6-
inch depth interval), soft sediment (from a depth of 6 inches below the sediment
surface to the contact with the native Gowanus Creek sediments) and native sediment
(i.e., original Gowanus Creek alluvial and marsh deposits) were characterized on the
basis of field observations and chemical analysis of sediment samples.
The canal, especially the upper reach, is a water body contained in a constructed
confined space of relatively regular geometry and relatively shallow depth. Water and
suspended sediments from New York Harbor enter the canal through tidal exchanges
from the south end and flushing tunnel flow at the northern end. Small amounts of
direct stormwater runoff from areas adjacent to the canal also drain directly into the
canal. Deposition of solids in the canal from these sources constitute the “background”
level of contamination (i.e., regional contamination with no contribution from Gowanus
Canal point sources of contamination), which should be within or slightly above the
range of contaminant concentrations at the reference area sampling stations in the
harbor. For the harbor reference stations sampled during the RI, PAH concentrations
ranged from 1 mg/kg to 14 mg/kg. See Table 1 for a summary of the range and
average concentrations for harbor reference data for PAHs, PCBs, copper and lead
(see Appendix II for tables). Previous studies have shown that for the entire New
York/New Jersey harbor system, total PAH19 concentrations in the sediment ranged
from 0.7 mg/kg to 22.1 mg/kg (EPA, 1998). Data recently collected from candidate
reference areas for the Newtown Creek Superfund site RI indicate that PAH
concentrations in enclosed and semi-enclosed industrial embayments without CSOs
are comparable to the reference area concentrations measured in the Gowanus Canal
RI.
All other major ongoing inputs of chemical contamination to the canal are from upland
point sources of contamination to the canal, including the three former MGP facilities
and the CSO and stormwater outfalls.
Canal sediments are affected by contaminants that are adsorbed to sediment particles
and by the upwelling and horizontal transport of NAPL, which contains PAHs. In
surface sediments (0-to-6-inch depth interval), PAHs, PCBs and seven metals (barium,
19 Total PAH is defined as the sum of detected Priority Pollutant PAHs and 2-
methylnaphthalene.
20
cadmium, copper, lead, mercury, nickel and silver) were found to be contributing to
unacceptable ecological and human health risks. Concentrations of these constituents
in surface sediment were statistically significantly higher in the canal than at reference
locations in Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay. The average total PAH
concentration in surface sediment from the canal is two orders of magnitude higher
than the average concentration in reference area surface sediment. Average total PAH
concentrations in subsurface soft and native sediment are three orders of magnitude
higher than samples from the reference area.
Subsurface sediment sampling data indicated that VOCs, particularly benzene,
toluene, ethylbenzene and xylene (BTEX), and total PAHs were frequently detected at
high concentrations, with PAHs detected up to 48,000 mg/kg in both the soft and native
sediment units. The highest PAH concentrations were measured in samples that
contained NAPL. PCBs and metals were all frequently detected in the soft sediment,
but were infrequently detected or detected at lower concentrations in the native
sediments. In the subsurface soft sediment, VOCs (primarily BTEX), PAHs, PCBs and
metals were all detected at substantially higher concentrations than those found in the
surface sediments.
Table 2 summarizes the physical characteristics of surface, soft and native sediments
in the canal and surface sediment in the reference area. Table 3 shows the average
concentrations of selected constituents in surface, soft and native sediments in the
canal and surface sediment in the reference area. Table 4 shows the average
concentrations of selected constituents in surface sediment in the upper, middle and
lower reaches of the canal.
The sediment coring effort showed that NAPL contamination is present in native
sediments underneath the canal and at certain locations in the banks of the canal
between the head of the canal and the Gowanus Expressway, in portions of the upper
reach of the canal and in the overlying soft sediment primarily in the middle reach of
the canal.
The NAPL from the three former MGP facilities is, primarily, coal tar waste. Some of
this waste was discharged directly into the canal during the periods when the MGPs
were operating. This NAPL, being heavier than water, settled to the bottom of the
canal, and a portion of it might have been transported within the canal as a result of
tidal currents and the action of the flushing tunnel when it was operating. Native
sediments along nearly the entire length of the canal above the Gowanus Expressway
became contaminated with coal tar. In some areas, this NAPL has moved downward
to substantial depths below the canal and laterally into the banks of the canal.
Additional coal tar NAPL can be found in the subsurface soils near the former MGP
facilities. This is tar which escaped from the subsurface structures at the former MGP
21
facilities and seeped into the surrounding soils. Very high levels of coal tar
contamination have been found at all three of the former MGP facilities. In some
locations, the pore spaces of the soils near the former MGP facilities are saturated with
coal tar. It is clear that in some cases, this tar is either still mobile or could be
mobilized in the future by relatively minor subsurface disturbances. PAH and BTEX
compounds are major constituents of coal tar.
In most areas north of the Gowanus Expressway, NAPL and high-PAH concentrations
were found in sediment to the maximum depth of the investigation activities, which was
targeted to be six feet below the interface between the soft and native sediment layers.
Deep borings installed in the canal adjacent to the Public Place former MGP facility by
National Grid in 2010 indicate that NAPL contamination extends to a depth in excess of
50 feet below the sediment surface. Adjacent land-based borings on the former MGP
facility contained visible NAPL at depths of more than 100 feet.
While the NAPL from historic MGP operations accounts for the majority of the PAH
mass and the highest PAH concentrations in canal sediments, PAH concentrations in
the top six inches of the sediments (the bioactive zone) in the upper reach of the canal
are primarily associated with contaminants introduced through more recent CSO
discharges. Existing sediments in the canal are covered by newer contaminated CSO
sediments and, to some extent, solids transported from the harbor through tidal
transport or through the flushing tunnel when it is in operation. Thus, generally, surface
sediments are newer and deeper sediments are older.
Some ongoing movement of coal tar NAPL into shallow sediments has been
documented. In the vicinity of the Public Place former MGP facility, tar droplets can
occasionally be seen rising to the water surface in the canal during low tide. It appears
that this tar is being transported upward through the sediments by the ebullition of gas
bubbles generated by microbial decay of organic material in the sediments.
Combined Sewer Overflows
The results for wet weather CSO water samples (i.e., samples collected from the sewer
system during wet weather overflow events) indicate that CSOs containing VOCs,
PAHs, PCBs, pesticides and metals are discharged to the canal during wet weather
events. The wet weather CSO water samples represent actual discharges to the canal.
Samples were collected from the combined sewer regulators, approximately one block
from the discharge points, to eliminate potential backflow (tidal intrusion) from the
canal. Sampling results for residual CSO sediments collected from within sewer pipes
indicate that, if mobilized during wet weather events, these will discharge VOCs, PAHs,
PCBs, pesticides and metals to the canal.
22
Unpermitted Pipe Outfalls
As noted above, more than 250 unpermitted pipe outfalls were identified and inspected
during the RI; 25 of these pipe outfalls were observed to be actively discharging during
dry weather. Effluent from 14 of the 25 active outfalls identified during the RI could not
be attributed to tidal drainage (i.e., drainage of seawater that entered the pipe at high
tide). Samples from 12 of these 14 outfall discharges contained VOCs, PAHs and
metals (two of the discharges were not sampled due to low flow rates). Pesticides and
PCBs were not detected. Contaminant loading from unpermitted outfalls was estimated
to be very low since observed pipe discharges were intermittent and at very low flow
rates (estimated to be less than 1 liter per minute). Based on these estimates and
measurements (according to NYCDEP’s 2008 study), these loadings are insignificant
by comparison to other sources, such as the CSOs and the flushing tunnel.
Surface Water
VOCs, SVOCs and metals were detected in surface water samples collected from the
canal under wet-weather and dry-weather conditions for the RI. Pesticides and PCBs
were not detected in any surface water sample. BTEX compounds were the most
common VOCs detected and PAHs were the most common SVOCs detected.
Concentrations of contaminants, including benzene and PAHs in the Gowanus Canal
surface water samples were significantly higher than their concentrations at the
Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference locations during both dry- and wet-
weather conditions.
High levels of bacteria are also present in the canal as a result of periodic discharges
from the combined sewer outfalls. Although not considered for CERCLA remedy
selection purposes, risk to child and adult recreational users and workers from CSO-
related pathogen exposure is a significant issue, as was outlined in the draft Gowanus
Canal Public Health Assessment.
Ambient Air
The sampling results for air samples collected from canoe-level and street-level
locations along the length of the canal and from three background locations (two blocks
west of the canal) indicate that the types and concentrations of VOCs and PAHs
detected in air samples were similar, regardless of sample location. The detected
constituents were typical of those found in urban environments and the VOC and PAH
concentrations were either within the same order of magnitude (sampling round 1) or
the same as those found in urban environments (sampling round 2).
23
Groundwater
Groundwater samples were collected from 44 shallow and 46 intermediate monitoring
wells. With the exception of PCBs, all classes of contaminants that were sampled for
(VOCs, SVOCs, PCBs, pesticides and metals) were detected in samples from both the
shallow and intermediate groundwater throughout the length of the canal (PCBs were
not detected in any of the sampled monitoring wells). Chemical concentrations in the
groundwater were higher in wells where NAPL saturation was observed in the soil
borings. VOC concentrations were higher than screening values in approximately 33
percent of the shallow monitoring wells and 67 percent of the intermediate monitoring
wells along the canal. Similarly, SVOC concentrations were higher than screening
values in approximately 33 percent of the shallow monitoring wells and in half of the
intermediate monitoring wells. Pesticides, however, were detected in only one shallow
monitoring well and in one intermediate monitoring well and exceeded the screening
value at the intermediate monitoring well location. With regard to metals, all of the
shallow and intermediate monitoring wells contained at least one metal (arsenic,
barium, lead, nickel or sodium) above its screening value.
For the shallow groundwater, a number of PAHs (2-methylnaphtalene, acenaphthene,
acenaphtylene, anthracene, fluoranthene, fluorine, naphthalene, phenanthrene and
pyrene) were found in more than half of the collected shallow groundwater samples
and 93.2% of all samples contained at least one PAH. The compounds that showed the
most excursions of various applicable standards were the VOCs benzene,
ethylbenzene, isopropylbenzene and xylene. The same general pattern is true for the
intermediate groundwater with 98% of all intermediate groundwater samples containing
at least one PAH.
The EPA analyzed the groundwater data to determine whether contaminated
groundwater discharge to the canal could potentially lead to continuing sediment
contamination. This evaluation was performed by calculating Equilibrium-Partitioning
Sediment Benchmark Toxic Units (TUs) for PAHs in each groundwater sample
collected along the canal during the RI. Briefly, the TUs were calculated by comparing
PAH concentrations in groundwater samples to their corresponding Final Chronic
Values (FCV) based on the EPA’s National Water Quality Criteria (EPA, 2003). These
FCVs represent the concentrations of the PAHs in water that are considered to be
protective of the presence of aquatic life.
Estimates of total PAH mass flux were calculated. The analysis used both the median
and mean concentrations for each RTA and the RTA-specific groundwater discharge
rates and pore water concentrations provided by National Grid. The resulting
estimates of total PAH flux to the canal, which are presented in Table 5, exhibit a wide
variation in PAH discharge rates, ranging from 19 to 1,500 kilograms/year. The
estimate developed using the mean groundwater concentration is significantly higher
24
than the median groundwater concentration and both the median and mean pore water
concentrations, but is not considered representative because it is biased by a few high
values. The estimated mass discharge calculated using the median pore water
concentration is considered the most representative of the four values. These
concentrations represent the equilibrium PAH concentrations in near surface sediment
associated pore water throughout the canal and are indicative of what may actually be
fluxing into the surface water. Further, the data set includes a wide range of pore water
concentrations, and has appropriate spatial coverage, including several samples in the
central, most contaminated portion of the canal. Based on these data, the magnitude
of the groundwater flux of total PAHs to the canal is relatively low compared to other
sources.
Contaminant Fate and Transport
The conceptual site model (CSM)20 for the Gowanus Canal summarizes and integrates
the information presented above about historical and ongoing sources of
contamination, the nature and extent of contamination, contaminant fate and transport
mechanisms and risks to humans and wildlife from exposure to contaminated
sediments in the Gowanus Canal. A schematic representation of the CSM for the
Gowanus Canal is provided in Figure 4. This CSM is used as the basis for developing
remedial action objectives (RAOs)21 and remedial alternatives for canal sediments.
The EPA did not independently develop a hydrodynamic model as part of the RI/FS.
Instead, the results of hydrodynamic modeling performed by the USACE for the
Gowanus Bay and Canal Ecosystem Restoration Study (i.e., maps showing velocities
and shear stresses throughout the canal under existing conditions) were considered in
the development of the CSM. The model results were used in conjunction with other
data-based lines of evidence (e.g., contaminant concentration gradients, bathymetric
changes over time, sediment physical characteristics, radioisotope profiles, historical
documentation about siltation in the canal) to develop the CSM. The results of three-
dimensional hydrodynamic and sediment transport modeling recently performed by
National Grid were also considered; these results are consistent with the data-based
CSM developed for the RI/FS. While the CSM developed for the RI/FS is sufficient to
establish the basis for a remedial action, additional data collection and modeling will be
useful to confirm the CSM and prepare the remedial design.22
20 A conceptual site model illustrates contaminant sources, release mechanisms, exposure
pathways, migration routes and potential human and ecological receptors.
21 RAOs, which are developed after site characterization, are specific goals to protect human
health and the environment.
22 In connection with its CWA compliance, NYCDEP developed a three-dimensional, time-
variable, coupled hydrodynamic/water-quality model. Since NYCDEP has declined requests
to provide its model to the EPA, the EPA has not been able to assess it.
25
Sediment Transport and Deposition
Many of the contaminants detected in canal sediments (e.g., SVOCs, PCBs, high
molecular weight PAHs and metals) have a low solubility and an affinity for fine-grained
sediment particles and organic matter. Contaminants with a higher solubility and
volatility (i.e., VOCs and some of the low-molecular-weight SVOCs) tend to disperse in
the water column. Therefore, the accumulation of soft sediments in the canal over time
has resulted in the accumulation of high levels of persistent contaminants. Because of
low current velocities and limited tidal exchange with Gowanus Bay, the contaminated
sediments have accumulated in the canal rather than being flushed out to the bay.
Bathymetric survey data indicate that one to three feet of sediment was deposited in
the upper canal between 3rd Street and Sackett Street between 2003 and 2010. The
upper canal is the reach most affected by the deposition of solids from CSO
discharges. Radioisotope analyses of sediment cores from other areas of the canal
(i.e., south of 3rd Street) indicate net sediment accumulation rates on the order of one
to two inches/yr (GEI, 2007), although most of the cores that were dated showed
evidence of disturbances that reduce the accuracy of the age-dating estimates.
Since many of the contaminants that are present at high levels in the Gowanus Canal
soft sediments have an affinity for fine-grained sediment particles and organic matter,
the fate and transport of these contaminants are largely controlled by the fate and
transport of the sediments. Sediments deposited in Gowanus Canal may be re-
suspended by currents, propeller wash, dredging and other disturbances. The canal is
a low-velocity environment, with average current velocities less than 0.5 feet per
second. These current speeds are insufficient to substantially erode sediment deposits.
Currents generated by the flushing tunnel apparently erode sediments near the outlet
of the tunnel, but the sediments are most likely to settle out where the current velocities
decrease farther down the canal between Sackett and 3rd Streets.
Sediments in the Gowanus Canal appear to be frequently re-suspended and mixed by
propeller wash from vessel traffic. The effects of propeller wash are particularly evident
in the reach between the Gowanus Expressway and 3rd Street, where minimal net
sediment accumulation was observed between 2003 and 2010. This reach experiences
frequent tugboat and barge traffic associated with the concrete plant at the end of 5th
Street. Evidence of propeller scour was also seen near the southern end of the
Gowanus Canal (i.e., north of Bryant and 22nd Streets) in the 2010 bathymetric survey.
Substantial sediment disturbance also can result from vessel groundings. High
resolution bathymetric surveys performed by National Grid in 2010 and 2011 indicated
that a barge grounding near the mouth of the 4th Street basin in 2011 resulted in the
displacement of up to 10 feet of sediment.
Given the low current velocities in the canal, most of the sediments re-suspended by
propeller wash likely settle out in the same reach of the canal. Finer-grained sediment
26
particles that remain suspended in the water column for a longer period of time may,
however, be transported out of the canal by tidal currents and dispersion. The amount
of sediment transported out of or into the canal in typical weather conditions or during
storm events has not been measured. However, a substantial drop in contaminant
concentrations in surface sediments from the middle reach of the canal to the lower
reach and the additional drop from the lower reach of the canal to the Gowanus Bay
and Upper New York Bay reference locations indicate that much of the contaminated
sediment remains within the canal, north of the Gowanus Expressway. Contaminated
sediments that are transported out of the canal are mixed with and diluted by
suspended sediments from New York Harbor.
Contaminated Solids Impacts from Combined Sewer Overflows
Contaminated CSO solids impacts are most apparent in the upper reach of the canal
because the outfall at the head of the canal (RH-034) is the single largest contributor to
CSO discharges. Solids from CSO discharges are transported down the canal and
deposited as the velocity from the CSOs dissipates with increasing distance from the
head of the canal. Currents from the flushing tunnel, when operating, may facilitate
transport, but also dissipate with increasing distance from the head of the canal. This
is consistent with NYCDEP’s conclusions in its 2008 WB/WS Plan: “Historical
discharges by CSOs and stormwater have impacted almost the entire canal bottom.”
In that report, NYCDEP concluded that "CSOs dominate the loadings of . . . total
suspended solids . . . to Gowanus Canal," and that discharges from the outfall at the
head of the canal (RH-034) "dominate the CSO impacts throughout the entire Canal."
Hazardous substance levels in surface sediments in the upper reach are less
influenced by releases from the former MGP facilities than surface sediments in the
middle reach. The sediments in the upper reach are less susceptible to re-suspension
by propeller wash from vessel traffic or vessel groundings, due to the low levels of such
traffic in the upper reach. As noted previously, bathymetric studies from 2003 to 2010
indicate that one to three feet of sediment was deposited between 3rd and Sackett
Streets. These shallow sediments were deposited after the period of greatest industrial
activity in the canal and are, therefore, more predominantly influenced by CSO and
stormwater discharges than by legacy contamination from historical industrial activity.
Other sources of solids to the upper reach of the Gowanus Canal include inflow from
Buttermilk Channel through the flushing tunnel (when it is operating) and tidal
advection/dispersion from Upper New York Bay through Gowanus Bay at the south end
of the project area (when the flushing tunnel is not operating). A portion of the
suspended sediments in these inflows settles in the canal as the current velocities
decrease to slack tide.
The mass of solids delivered by each source (CSO/stormwater discharges and inflow
27
from Upper New York Bay) was not quantified in the RI/FS or in the water quality model
developed by NYCDEP for its CSO control planning, although NYCDEP included
modeling of TSS and separated TSS into outfall and background (i.e., Upper New York
Bay) components to distinguish between the heavier, more-settleable solids discharged
from sewers and the lighter, less-settleable solids suspended in receiving waters
(NYCDEP, 2007).
The EPA has concluded that multiple lines of physical and chemical evidence
demonstrate that CSO and stormwater solids have a significantly greater influence on
the quality of sediments in the 0-2-foot depth interval in the upper reach of the canal
than incoming sediments from Upper New York Bay. These lines of evidence include:
 Contaminated CSO solids23 have high TOC content. The TOC content of the
surface sediment is about 6 percent. The TOC levels in Upper New York Bay
sediments are, on average, about 3 percent (EPA, 1998 and the RI report).
Accordingly, if suspended sediments in tidal inflow or flushing tunnel flows from
Upper New York Bay were contributing the majority of the deposited mass, the TOC
of the surface sediment would be closer to 3 percent.
 The concentrations of PAHs, copper and lead in the surface sediment and in the
CSO solids are similar. The concentrations of these chemicals are much lower in
the reference sediments in the harbor; therefore, deposition of suspended
sediments in harbor water (or from the flushing tunnel which brings in harbor water)
could not be the predominant source of PAHs, copper and lead in the canal surface
sediments.
 Sewage indicators, such as fecal coliform (GEI, 2011a, 2012a and 2012b) and
steroids (Kruge et al., 2007), are found consistently in the surface sediment in the
canal. The highest concentrations are located in the upper portion of the canal
where most of the CSOs are located.
 The EPA’s bathymetric study shows that most of the accumulation of sediment
coincides with the canal location (upper reach) where most of the CSOs are located
and the highest CSO volumetric discharges take place. It has been reported and
visually noted that CSOs discharge heavier mass solids. These heavier solids are
typically expected to settle to the bottom of the canal within a short distance from
the point of discharge unless high horizontal velocities disperse the solids
downstream.
 Overall, the surface sediments in the upper canal have higher sand content and
lower silt and clay content than the Harbor reference locations. The sediments in
the lower canal, closer to the Harbor, have similar silt and clay content to the
reference stations. This indicates that the upper canal surface sediment is more
influenced by the deposition of contaminated CSO solids than the area near the
23 Contaminated CSO solids are the particles that are discharged to the canal during overflow
events, whereas CSO sediment is the residual material found in the sewer pipes.
28
mouth of the canal. This is consistent with NYCDEP’s conclusion that CSOs
predominately contribute heavy grain sediments, while fine grain sediments are a
mixture of CSO discharges and flushing tunnel and harbor tidal contributions.
The multiple lines of evidence summarized above strongly support the conclusion that
surface sediment contaminant concentrations in the upper reach of the canal are
significantly influenced by the accumulation of CSO solids. As a result, the EPA has
concluded that the contaminated CSO solids are a source to the canal which must be
controlled as part of this selected remedy. As discussed in further detail below, the
estimated range of contaminated CSO solids control in the selected remedy
incorporates an uncertainty factor which will be addressed during the remedial design.
Further refinement of the sediment and contaminant mass balance is constrained by
the constant variability in inputs, including the frequency, size and nature of storm
events and infrastructure changes, such as the flushing tunnel and pump station
upgrades, planned sewer separation project and on-going development. The EPA’s
CERCLA remedial design will be informed and refined by the results of additional
sampling and modeling, as well as by coordination with NYSDEC and NYCDEP as
they gather Post Construction Monitoring (PCM) data developed in accordance with
EPA CSO guidance in advance of the LTCP submittal to address CWA compliance.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Fate and Transport
NAPL in the canal sediments can be transported upward through the sediments into
the water column through several transport mechanisms, including ebullition, seep
migration, sheen migration and groundwater advection. Ebullition is the production of
gas due to anaerobic biological activity in sediment (Viana et al., 2007a).
Mineralization24 of organic matter by bacteria in the sediment generates gases such as
methane, nitrogen and carbon dioxide which cause ebullition (Reible, 2004). Ebullition
is commonly observed in the soft sediments in the Gowanus Canal, which are rich in
organic matter. The bubbles produced during ebullition tend to accumulate hydrophobic
contaminants and colloids, such as NAPL sheen, on their surfaces (Viana et al.,
2007b). NAPL can then migrate through sediments and be adsorbed onto more newly
deposited sediments or out of the sediment and upward through the water column and
be deposited on the water surface as a sheen.
The EPA performed additional research on the potential for ebullition in the canal (EPA,
2013). The analysis concluded that ebullition is likely limited to the soft sediment, with
RTA 1 and RTA 2 having the highest ebullition potential based on several factors:
 RTA 1 and RTA 2 had the highest TOC in the canal. Across all three reaches, the
TOC in soft sediments was 4.2 to 15 times greater than the TOC in the native
24 Mineralization is the decomposition or oxidization of the chemical compounds in organic
matter into plant-accessible forms.
29
sediment.
 Shallower water depths reduce the hydraulic pressure that sequesters ebullition.
 NAPL droplets have been observed attached to gas bubbles rising to the water
surface at the Public Place former MGP facility on numerous occasions. This
process appears to reach its maximum in late summer, when the decay of organic
matter in the canal sediments would be expected to reach its maximum. Upon
reaching the surface, some of the NAPL generates a sheen which rapidly spreads
on the water surface. In one extreme case, the entire canal water surface between
Public Place and the 9th Street bridge was covered.
A NAPL seep is defined as a NAPL discharge when one or more of the following occur:
 NAPL is moving under a sustained gradient.
 A source that provides the driving force is located at some distance from the seep.
 A recent or ongoing release is typically associated with the discharge.
 NAPL saturations are above residual levels.
Although NAPL seeps can migrate with groundwater through sediments that are not
impacted by NAPL (i.e., where NAPL is not coating the solid particle surfaces and
occupies the smaller pore spaces), NAPL tends to migrate more readily through
sediments previously impacted with NAPL (i.e., NAPL is coating the solid particles).
(Sale, 2011). Data from the former MGP facilities show that NAPL elevations are
above the sediment elevation and that NAPL seep migration is occurring.
An analysis of NAPL impacts at the interface between native and soft sediments in the
Gowanus Canal suggests that the hydrodynamic force from groundwater discharge is
occurring at some locations. An analysis presented in the FS report indicates that
upward groundwater velocities can potentially result in the upward NAPL migration
under certain conditions.25 This is essentially because the upward vertical groundwater
velocity appears to be sufficient to overcome the downward density and capillary forces
of the NAPL.
The EPA performed additional studies in early 2013 to determine if NAPL in native
sediment could migrate upward from hydrodynamic force (EPA, 2013). It is concluded
from the studies that low groundwater discharge velocities can mobilize NAPL upward
in the more impacted areas of the canal.
“NAPL sheen” is defined as a NAPL discharge when one or more of the following
25 The general Site conditions were used to approximate the potential for NAPL migration. The
actual conditions at specific locations can vary substantially. Additional data collection and
evaluation will be necessary to verify NAPL mobility at specific locations for purposes of
remedial design.
30
occur:
 A very limited amount of oil is discharged as a sheen on the water surface.
 Ephemeral sheen behavior may be observed.
 Former seeps have occurred.
 NAPL saturations are close to or below residual levels.
NAPL sheens migrate as a result of the difference in the surface tensions that result in
a positive spreading coefficient. In the upland area, NAPL spreads on the surface of
the groundwater in the same way as the surface water sheen. In this way, the NAPL
sheen spontaneously enters water-coated, air-filled pores on the surface of the water
table and the NAPL migrates. The sheens may migrate into the canal where the
groundwater surface intersects the canal. Sheens can also be transported to the canal
in street runoff, originating in areas where vehicle maintenance activities are taking
place or near petroleum handling facilities where delivery trucks are cleaned.
Droplets of NAPL can also be transported along the length of the canal by tidal currents
and redeposited in areas some distance from the points where they originally entered
the canal. Some transport of discrete NAPL droplets occurs in the canal, particularly in
the vicinity of the Public Place former MGP facility. These droplets can be seen on the
canal bottom, and can be moved along the bottom and redeposited by the same
transport processes that control movement of solid sediment particles.
Overall, NAPL seep migration is considered the primary mechanism through which
NAPL enters the canal from the former MGP facilities. A secondary source of potential
seeps is NAPL that has migrated into the canal and re-infiltrated into the bank at
certain locations other than the original source areas. Once in the sediment, hydraulic
forces can drive the NAPL from the native sediment upward to the soft sediments. In
the soft sediments, the hydraulic force continues, but ebullition increases the mobility of
NAPL upward into the surface water.
CURRENT AND POTENTIAL FUTURE LAND AND RESOURCE USES
Land Use
The canal is located in a mixed residential-commercial-industrial area. The waterfront
properties abutting the canal are primarily commercial and industrial. Rezoning of
several canal-front parcels in the upper canal to high density residential occurred in
2009. In March 2013, NYC approved the Lightstone Group’s development plans for
700 rental units on these parcels. Construction is anticipated to begin in fall 2013.
NYC has also entered into a public-private partnership called Gowanus Green to
construct 774 units of high density mixed income housing on NYC-owned portion of the
Public Place former MGP facility. NYC postponed an area-wide rezoning effort as a
31
result of the NPL nomination. However, further rezoning and land use changes have
continued during the Superfund process. For example, a hardship rezoning was
approved in February 2013 for a Whole Foods market on two canal-side parcels.
Construction is under way, with an anticipated completion in fall 2013. In response to
the on-going development pressures, Community Board Six formally requested that
NYC restart the area-wide re-zoning process.
Through Community Board Six, the community has also received a grant from the New
York State Department of State’s (DOS’s) Brownfield Opportunity Area (BOA) Program
for a study to promote reuse and redevelopment of under-used properties in two large
sections along the canal. Governmental participants in the ongoing BOA study include
NYSDOS, NYSDEC, NYC Department of City Planning, the Mayor’s Office of
Environmental Remediation and the EPA.
As a result of development speculation, numerous parcels have been acquired along
and near the canal for potential residential and commercial uses in anticipation of the
cleanup and further rezoning. Public use along and on the canal is expected to
increase significantly over time due to NYC waterfront zoning requirements which
mandate public esplanades at redevelopment sites along the canal. Such esplanades
are under construction or planned at the Whole Foods, Lightstone Group and Gowanus
Green projects. In addition, moderate–to--large-scale commercial activities, such as
outdoor nightclubs and flea markets, have operated or sought permits to operate at
canal-side parcels.
The canal is regularly used by commercial barges at several facilities along the mid-
and lower canal. Recreational boaters, primarily, canoers and kayakers, frequent the
canal. A public boat launch where canoes are available is located at 2nd Street. This
boat launch will be incorporated into the Lightstone Group project. The anticipated
remediation and redevelopment will likely increase recreational boating use. A limited
number of people reside in houseboats on the canal.
Despite posted warnings, the canal is regularly used for fishing, particularly
subsistence fishing by several separate communities with environmental justice
concerns surrounding the canal. A NYCDEP survey of residents indicated that fishing
is the number one canal use by area residents (NYCDEP, 2008).
Groundwater Use
The area is served by municipal water. Local groundwater is not used in NYC as a
source for potable public water, therefore, a completed exposure pathway does not
exist. Additionally, the NYC Department of Mental Health and Hygiene has strict
regulations regarding the installation of wells or the use of groundwater for any
purpose.
32
SUMMARY OF SITE RISKS
The human health risk assessment (HHRA) for the Gowanus Canal evaluated
potential current and future risks to recreational users, anglers, residents and industrial
workers in and near the canal. The HHRA evaluated the potential human risks from
exposure to surface water, sediment, ambient air and ingestion of fish and shellfish
(crabs). The Gowanus Canal has no remaining natural wetlands (various small,
unconnected areas of vegetation and intertidal habitat exist) or natural shoreline (the
shoreline consists of bulkheads, riprap and piers). The community of potential
ecological receptors using the canal includes fish-eating birds; dabbling ducks;
invertebrates such as worms, amphipods and mollusks; and crabs and fish. The
potential ecological risk to these receptors from exposure to surface water and
sediment in the canal was evaluated in the ecological risk assessment (ERA).
Human Health Risk Assessment
A four-step human health risk assessment process was used for assessing Site-
related cancer risks and noncancer health hazards. The four-step process is
comprised of:
Hazard Identification: In this step, the chemicals of potential concern (COPCs) at the
Site in the various media (sediment, surface water and air) are identified based on
factors such as toxicity, fate and transport of the contaminants in the environment,
concentrations of the contaminants in specific media and bioaccumulation. The
contaminated media, concentrations detected and concentrations utilized to estimate
potential risk and hazards for the chemicals of concern (COCs) at the Site are
presented in Table 6.
Exposure Assessment: In this step, the different exposure pathways through which
people might be exposed to the COPCs in the various media identified in the previous
step are evaluated. Examples of exposure pathways include incidental ingestion of
and dermal contact with contaminated surface water and sediment. The exposure
pathways that were evaluated are presented in Table 7. Factors relating to the
exposure assessment include, but are not limited to, the concentrations in specific
media that people might be exposed to and the frequency and duration of that
exposure. Using these factors, a “reasonable maximum exposure” scenario, which
portrays the highest level of human exposure that could reasonably be expected to
occur, is calculated.
Toxicity Assessment: In this step, the types of adverse health effects associated with
chemical exposures and the relationship between magnitude of exposure and severity
of adverse effects are determined. Potential health effects are chemical-specific and
may include the risk of developing cancer over a lifetime or other noncancer health
33
hazards, such as changes in the normal functions of organs within the body (e.g.,
changes in the effectiveness of the immune system). Some chemicals are capable of
causing both cancer and noncancer health hazards. The toxicity values that were
used to evaluate noncancer health hazards are presented in Table 8 and the toxicity
values that were used to evaluate cancer risk are presented in Table 9.
Risk Characterization: This step summarizes and combines outputs of the exposure
and toxicity assessments to provide a quantitative assessment of Site risks for all
COPCs. Exposures are evaluated based on the potential risk of developing cancer
and the potential for noncancer health hazards. The likelihood of an individual
developing cancer is expressed as a probability. For example, a 10-4 cancer risk
means a “one-in-ten-thousand excess lifetime cancer risk (ELCR)”; or one additional
cancer may be seen in a population of 10,000 people as a result of exposure to Site
contaminants under the conditions identified in the Exposure Assessment. Current
Superfund regulations for exposures identify the range for determining whether
remedial action is necessary as an ELCR of 10-4 to 10-6, corresponding to a one-in-
ten-thousand to a one-in-a-million excess cancer risk. For noncancer health effects, a
“hazard index” (HI) is calculated. The key concept for a noncancer HI is that a
threshold exists below which noncancer health hazards are not expected to occur (an
HI less than 1 would indicate the threshold is not exceeded and a noncancer health
hazard is not expected). These acceptable risk levels are defined in the NCP at 40
CFR 300.430(e)(2)(I)(A). Chemicals that contribute to a cancer risk that exceeds 10-4
or an HI to a specific target that exceeds 1 are typically those that will require
remedial action at the Site.
The HHRA was conducted to evaluate the potential human health risks associated
with direct contact (incidental ingestion and dermal contact) with surface sediment and
surface water in the Gowanus Canal, ingestion of fish and crabs, direct contact
(incidental ingestion and dermal contact) with sediment and surface water that overtop
the canal during extreme tidal or storm surge conditions, and inhalation of volatile
emissions from the canal into the ambient air near the canal.
For an adult, an adolescent and a child using the canal for recreational purposes, the
risks associated with exposure to surface water and surface sediment (from exposed
and near-shore locations) in the canal and from ambient air at canal level while
swimming, boating, fishing or crabbing were evaluated. The HHRA assumed that
recreational use/swimming in the canal would occur at frequencies, durations and
exposures that are typical of most water bodies, even though the current actual use of
the canal is likely lower given its current nature. The total reasonable maximum
exposure (RME) noncarcinogenic hazard associated with exposure to surface water
and sediment for all recreational users was within the EPA’s acceptable risk levels
(Table 10). However, exposure to surface water and sediment by recreating adults (3
x 10-4), adolescents (2 x 10-4) and children (8 x 10-4), and lifetime recreational users
34
(recreational users throughout their life as child, adolescent and adult; 1 x 10-3) may
result in a carcinogenic risk above the EPA’s target risk range (Table 11). These risks
are associated primarily with exposure to carcinogenic PAHs in the surface water and
the surface sediment.
The risks associated with exposure to surface water and surface sediment from canal
overflow and ambient air at street level were evaluated for residential adults and
children and for industrial workers. RME noncarcinogenic hazards and carcinogenic
risks associated with exposure to these media by the industrial worker are within
acceptable levels. Exposure to surface sediment from canal overflow was above the
EPA’s target risk range (2.0 x 10-4) for the lifetime resident (resident exposed during
full life during childhood, adolescence and adulthood).
Although not considered for CERCLA remedy selection purposes, a screening level
risk assessment for CSO pathogens that was performed by National Grid found
significant risk to child and adult recreational users and workers from CSO-related
pathogen exposure.
Exposure to ambient air at street level was within acceptable levels. The RME
carcinogenic risk for the adult/child resident exceeding acceptable levels is associated
with carcinogenic PAHs in sediment (with a smaller contribution from surface water).
Risks associated with ingesting fish and crabs from the Gowanus Canal were
evaluated for adult, adolescent and child subsistence and recreational anglers.26 The
RME total noncarcinogenic hazards and/or carcinogenic risks for all receptors
exceeded the EPA’s acceptable levels as shown in Tables 10 and 11. Table 12
compares the risks associated with fish ingestion for recreational anglers and
subsistence fishermen. The noncarcinogenic hazards and carcinogenic risks are
associated with PCBs in fish and crabs. Because PAHs normally metabolize quickly in
fish, the fish tissue samples were not analyzed for PAHs. To assess whether the
canal’s high levels of PAHs pose a risk in a scenario where PAHs were not
metabolized before consumption, PAHs in fish tissue were estimated assuming that
fish tissue concentrations of PAHs are similar to the concentrations of PAHs in crab
tissue. The resulting estimated carcinogenic risks from ingestion of PAHs in fish were
below the EPA’s acceptable risk range. The concentrations of PCBs in the canal fish
and crab samples were higher than the PCB concentrations in the reference area
samples collected from Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay. However, the PCB
concentrations in the reference samples would also result in noncarcinogenic hazards
and carcinogenic risks above the EPA acceptable risk range, although lower than in
26 The HHRA assumed fishing/crabbing and ingestion of the fish/crab from the canal at typical
recreational angler fish/crab consumption rates. The FS report addendum provided a
supplemental evaluation of subsistence fishing.
35
samples from the canal.
Ecological Risk Assessment
The overall ERA for the Site consisted of a combined screening level ecological risk
assessment (SLERA) and baseline ecological risk assessment (BERA) performed in
accordance with the EPA’s (1997) Ecological Risk Assessment Guidance for
Superfund and its updates. The survival and reproduction of the following receptor
groups were selected for evaluation:
 Benthic (sediment)-dwelling macroinvertebrate communities.
 Water-column-dwelling aquatic life communities.
 Avian wildlife (aquatic herbivores, aquatic omnivores and aquatic piscivores).
The following summarizes the risk analysis and results for each receptor group based
on data reported in the BERA.
Risks to benthic macroinvertebrate communities were evaluated primarily through the
use of laboratory-based sediment bioassays (i.e., toxicity tests), which were conducted
with two sediment-dwelling invertebrates (amphipods and polychaetes) and through the
comparison of sediment chemical concentrations to literature-based screening
benchmarks. The analyses indicate the following:
 Sediment bioassays indicate a Site-related potential for adverse effects to benthic
communities from chemicals in sediment, with the greatest potential for adverse
effects occurring in the central portion of the canal, where contaminant levels are
highest. The bioassay results also indicate the potential for less severe, but Site-
related adverse effects to the benthic community at several other locations
scattered throughout the canal.
 Chemical analysis indicates the presence of organic chemicals (primarily, PAHs
and PCBs) and metals in sediment at concentrations that are likely to be causing
the adverse effects observed in the sediment bioassays. The highest
concentrations of those chemicals were detected primarily in the central portion of
the canal, which coincides with the locations where the most severe effects to the
sediment bioassay organisms were also observed.
 PAHs were consistently detected in sediment at the highest concentrations relative
to their ecological screening benchmarks and are considered to represent the
greatest Site-related risk to the benthic community. Other chemicals, most notably
PCBs and seven metals (barium, cadmium, copper, lead, mercury, nickel and
silver), were also detected at concentrations above their ecological screening
benchmarks and at concentrations above those detected in reference area
sediments and are also considered to represent a potential Site-related risk to the
benthic community.
36
Risks to water-column-dwelling aquatic life communities were evaluated primarily
through the comparison of surface water chemical concentrations to literature-based
screening benchmarks. The surface water was sampled during both dry and wet (i.e.,
while CSO outfalls were discharging) periods. Chemical concentrations in surface
water indicate very little Site-related potential for adverse effects to water-column-
dwelling aquatic life.
Risks to avian aquatic wildlife were evaluated by modeling the potential exposure of
these receptors to chemicals ingested in food items including prey (e.g., fish and crabs)
and through the incidental ingestion of sediment. The analyses indicate the following:
 There is a potential risk to aquatic herbivores (represented by black duck) from
exposure to PAHs. PAHs were detected on-Site (in sediments) at concentrations
above those detected in reference area locations and represent a Site-related risk
to aquatic herbivores.
 There is a potential risk to avian omnivores (represented by heron) from exposure
to mercury and selenium. Mercury was the only metal that was frequently detected
both in fish and crab tissues at elevated concentrations and that was also detected
in canal sediments at a concentration above those detected in reference area
locations. Although the BERA concluded that mercury poses a Site-related risk to
omnivorous birds, additional analysis of the sediment and tissue data collected for
the RI indicates that mercury levels in the Gowanus Canal are similar to those in the
Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference areas. Therefore, risks to avian
omnivores was dropped from further consideration.
 There is no potential unacceptable risk to avian piscivores, such as the double-
crested cormorant, from the ingestion of fish in the canal.
 As indicated in the human health section, PAHs were not analyzed in fish tissue.
Using an assumption that fish tissue concentrations of PAHs are similar to the
concentrations of PAHs in crab tissue, food web modeling shows no unacceptable
risk from PAHs to avian wildlife from the consumption of fish.
Uncertainties
The procedures and inputs used to assess risks in this evaluation, as in all such
assessments, are subject to certain uncertainties for both the HHRA and the BERA.
Human Health Risk Assessment Uncertainties: The sampling conducted along the
canal for use in the HHRA focused on areas where contact with the canal is most likely
to occur (shallow and exposed sediment and surface water and air samples collected
from similar locations) to estimate the most realistic exposure and risk to humans.
Additional surface water and surface sediment samples were collected from locations
where historic operations and discharges to the canal have most likely occurred. Only
the surface sediment samples from the exposed and shallow areas were used to
evaluate the recreational exposure risks, as this is the sediment that these receptors
37
are most likely to contact. All of the surface water samples were included in the
recreational scenario evaluations, since the receptors could be exposed to the water
throughout the canal while boating. All of the surface water and surface sediment
samples were used to evaluate risks to the residential and industrial worker receptors
associated with exposure to canal overflow water and sediment. Therefore, the
available data were evaluated in the HHRA in data groupings for each receptor group
to estimate the more likely reasonable maximum exposures and risks for each
receptor. The uncertainty associated with the data analysis is minimal. All of the data
were validated prior to being used in the HHRA, and a data quality evaluation was
performed on all analytical data evaluated in the HHRA.
A few constituents (mainly pesticides) were not detected in any of the fish or crab
tissue samples but had detection limits above the human health risk-based screening
level. This may result in slightly underestimating the risk associated with ingestion of
fish and crab. However, it should be noted that risks above acceptable levels were
identified for the fish and/or crab tissue and risks were primarily associated with the
PCBs detected in the fish and crab tissue. The pesticides, when they were detected in
the fish and crab tissue, did not contribute significantly to the risk. A comparison of data
collected from the canal to data collected from the reference locations was not used to
identify the COPCs for the canal media. This may result in including COPCs related to
background conditions in the risk estimates. All of the canal data were screened
against residential screening levels to select the COPCs. The use of residential
screening levels is conservative, as not all the scenarios evaluated in the HHRA are
residential (i.e., the industrial worker scenario). This may result in including COPCs
with small contributions to overall risk estimates.
The exposure factors used for quantifying exposure were conservative and reflect
upperbound assumptions (RMEs). The reliability of the values chosen for the exposure
factors also contributes substantially to the uncertainty of the resulting risk estimates.
The most conservative recreational scenario (swimming) was used to evaluate
potential exposure and risks for recreating adults, adolescents and children. Based on
the current conditions of the canal, it is likely that this is an overestimate of actual
exposure to recreational receptors. Although possible, it is not likely that a current
recreational receptor would swim in the canal for 26 days per year for 2.6 hours per
day. For the purposes of the risk assessment, the angler population was defined as
those individuals who consume self-caught fish from the Gowanus Canal at least once
per year, in the absence of a fishing ban or fish consumption advisories. While the
risks associated with subsistence fishing would be expected to be higher than for a
recreational angler, since actual consumption rates for subsistence fisherman were
unknown, they had to be estimated. Sources of uncertainty in the PCB concentrations
in fish used in the assessment include the fact that concentrations were averaged over
location and weighted by species. The weighting of species intake in order to derive an
average exposure point concentration in fish is a source of uncertainty because there
38
are limited Site-specific data available to estimate the species ingestion preferences
(e.g., weighting factors). Cancer risks and noncancer health hazards were not
specifically quantified for subsistence anglers or other subpopulations of anglers who
may be highly exposed. There is some degree of uncertainty as to whether these
subpopulations have been adequately addressed in the risk assessment. Reported
cooking losses vary considerably among numerous studies. However, little information
is available to quantify personal preferences among anglers for various preparation and
cooking methods and other related habits (such as consumption of pan drippings). The
assumption that there is no loss of PCBs during cooking or preparation, used in the
RME cancer risk and noncarcinogenic hazard calculations is conservative and could
overestimate cancer risks and noncarcinogenic hazards, depending on how the fish are
prepared. The sediment/skin adherence factor represents the amount of sediment that
adheres to skin and is available for dermal exposure. Because this value is likely to
vary based on one’s activity, the values used for this parameter, which are estimates
from single activities, are somewhat uncertain.
For dermal contact with canal sediments, published adherence factors for adults
gathering reeds and for children playing in wet soils were used as a surrogate for
recreational children and adults and children. Although it is somewhat uncertain
whether these scenarios are representative of contact with canal sediments, they
appear to be a reasonable use of available data.
Commercial PCB mixtures tested in laboratory animals were not subject to prior
selective retention of persistent congeners through the food chain, so there is a
potential that carcinogenic risks and noncarcinogenic hazards have been
underestimated. However, since the cancer slope factors (CSF) are based on animal
exposures to a group of PCB mixtures (i.e., Aroclor 1260, 1254, 1242 and 1016) that
contain overlapping groups of congeners spanning the range of congeners most often
found in environmental mixtures, this source of potential uncertainty is unlikely to have
a significant impact. The fact that any previous exposures (either background or past
consumption of contaminated fish) may still be reflected in an individual's body burden
today is an additional source of uncertainty, and may result in an underestimate of
noncarcinogenic health hazards. The risk assessment assumed that people would
consume both the combined muscle (edible portion) and hepatopancreas from blue
crab. This may result in an overestimation of risk, as many crabbers do not consume
the hepatopancreas, and some chemicals, such as PCBs and mercury, accumulate in
the hepatopancreas. However, the hepatopancreas is small compared to the edible
portion of the fish and, therefore, although concentrations may be higher in the
hepatopancreas, it contributes a small amount of the total amount of crab consumed by
the receptor. Therefore, it would not significantly change the total amount of
contaminants consumed.
39
Dioxin-like PCB toxicity equivalent (TEQ) concentrations, non-dioxin-like PCB
concentrations and total PCB concentrations were calculated for each sample using
detected PCB congeners only. In general, if the nondetected dioxin congeners were
included in the sample concentration calculations, the non-dioxin-like PCB
concentrations and the total PCB concentrations would be similar to those used in the
risk assessment and the resulting risks would not differ significantly. The dioxin-like
PCB TEQ concentrations would not always be similar, since if the most toxic congener
(3,3’,4,4’,5-pentachlorobipheny) was not detected in a sample, inclusion of this
congener at the detection limit times the toxicity equivalency factor (TEF) would
contribute significantly to the dioxin-like PCB TEQ, even if it was not detected.
Therefore, this may result in an underestimation of actual risk if this congener was
present in the sample at a concentration below the reporting limit. However, when this
congener was detected in a sample, it was generally flagged as detected below the
reporting limit, so it is unlikely that it would be present in the samples at concentrations
similar to reporting limits, and it would likely be present at much lower concentrations
and not contribute significantly to the dioxin-like PCB TEQ concentration for the
sample. Additionally, congeners that were detected in a laboratory or field blank at a
concentration similar to that in the sample were not included in the concentration
calculation. There were a number of such samples, which may result in an
underestimation of risk if these congeners are present in the samples at a
concentration below the blank contamination level. However, the concentrations in
these samples were generally below the reporting limits.
There are inherent limitations and uncertainties associated with estimating health risks
on the basis of fish and crab consumption that should be considered when interpreting
the results of the HHRA. Factors contributing to these uncertainties include game fish
and blue crab ranges are not limited to the canal, but reflect cumulative uptake from all
areas they traverse. Blue crab and some of the game fish species kept by anglers have
relatively large home ranges, and those caught within the canal are likely, at least in
part, to have inhabited areas outside the canal and therefore to have been potentially
exposed to contaminants not related to the canal. However, differences between canal
and reference concentrations of PCBs in fish and crab tissue and sediment were
identified, with canal media having higher concentrations. Assumptions regarding
fishing/crabbing frequency and fish/crab consumption rates are variable and affect the
estimates of exposure and associated risk.
There is uncertainty associated with the noncarcinogenic toxicity factors. The EPA
applies several uncertainty factors (UFs) to extrapolate doses from animal studies to
humans. The UFs for the COPCs range from 1 to 3,000. Therefore, there is a high
degree of uncertainty in the noncarcinogenic toxicity criteria based on the available
scientific data. The noncarcinogenic toxicity factors used in the HHRA are expected to
be overestimates of actual toxicity.
40
CSFs and inhalation unit risk factors developed by the EPA represent upper-bound
estimates. Carcinogenic risks generated in this assessment should be regarded as an
upper-bound estimate on the potential carcinogenic risks. The true excess lifetime
cancer risk is likely to be less than the predicted value. Use of provisional or withdrawn
toxicity factors increases the uncertainty of the quantitative hazard and risk estimates.
Provisional toxicity values were used in the HHRA to provide a quantitative estimate
rather than a merely qualitative risk discussion. The TEFs used to adjust the
concentrations of the dioxin-like PCB congeners to TEQ of dioxin for the sediment and
fish/crab also results in uncertainty in the risk assessment. In particular, although the
TEF scheme and TEQ methodology is intended primarily for estimating exposure and
risk through ingestion, it was also used to estimate exposure and risk through dermal
contact.
Additionally, not using the dioxin-like PCB congener TEQ to evaluate noncarcinogenic
risks may underestimate the noncarcinogenic hazard associated with exposure to the
PCBs. However, there is a lot of uncertainty with use of this process, and even more
uncertainty with use of it for noncarcinogenic hazards since the TEFs are based on the
relationship of the PCB congeners to the carcinogenic risks associated with dioxin.
Although, there is a large degree of uncertainty associated with use of this method for
noncarcinogenic-hazard evaluation, noncarcinogenic hazards were estimated as part
of the uncertainty evaluation. Noncarcinogenic hazards were calculated for the dioxin-
like PCB TEQ concentrations for sediment and fish/crab using the reference dose
(RfD) for 2,3,7,8-TCDD from the 1998 dioxin Agency for Toxic Substances and
Disease Registry (ATSDR) toxicity profile. It should be noted that use of this RfD in
itself presents a source of uncertainty, as the ATSDR toxicity profiles are a Tier 3
source of toxicity information.27 Noncarcinogenic hazards were calculated for the non-
dioxin-like PCB concentrations using the RfD for Aroclor 1254. The sum of the
noncarcinogenic hazards associated with the dioxin-like PCB TEQ concentrations and
the non-dioxin-like PCB concentrations for all receptors for sediment and fish/crab are
below 1 and in most cases are less than the noncarcinogenic hazards associated with
the total PCB concentration, which were estimated using the total PCB concentrations
and the RfD for Aroclor 1254. Therefore, evaluation of the noncarcinogenic hazards for
the dioxin-like PCB TEQ concentrations does not change the conclusions of the HHRA.
Ecological Risk Assessment Uncertainties: Uncertainties are present in all ERAs
because of the limitations in the available data and the need to make certain
assumptions and extrapolations based upon the collected information. In addition, the
27 OSWER Directive 9285.7-53, Human Health Toxicity Values in Superfund Risk
Assessments, December 5, 2003, recommends a hierarchy of toxicological sources of
information for which risk assessors initially consider for site-specific risk assessments: Tier
1, EPA’s Integrated Risk Information System; Tier 2, EPA’s Provisional Peer Reviewed
Toxicity Values and Tier 3, additional EPA and non-EPA sources of toxicity information with
priority given to those sources of information that are the most current.
41
use of various models (for example, uptake and food web exposure models) introduce
some associated uncertainty depending on how well the model reflects actual
conditions. The primary uncertainties in the BERA for the Gowanus Canal are
associated with the media sampled and the assumptions used in the risk analysis.
Information on the eco-toxicological effects of constituent interactions is generally
lacking, which requires (as is standard for ERAs, in general) that the constituents be
compared individually to screening values. This could result in an underestimation of
risk (if there are additive or synergistic effects among constituents) or an
overestimation of risks (if there are antagonistic effects among constituents). For
sediment and tissue, total PCB, dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane and PAH
concentrations were calculated and evaluated instead of addressing the individual
compounds from these groups. In some cases, the detection limit for some non-
detected chemicals exceeded applicable risk thresholds. The potential for risks
associated with these chemicals cannot be fully evaluated and the risks associated
with these chemicals may be underestimated.
There is some uncertainty as to whether chemical concentrations in fish and crab
tissues can be attributed to the Gowanus Canal. The blue crabs and many of the fish
species that were sampled represent transient populations that are only seasonally
present in the canal. The body burden of these species is, therefore, likely to reflect
chemical concentrations accumulated both from the Gowanus Canal and other
locations.
Uncertainties related to the risk analysis include assumptions associated with
modeling. Constituent concentrations in aquatic food items (e.g., aquatic plants) were
estimated by multiplying measured sediment concentrations by bioconcentration
factors (BCFs) and were not directly measured in actual tissue (food). Therefore, the
use of generic, literature-derived BCFs introduces some uncertainty into the resulting
estimates. There is also some uncertainty associated with the receptors selected for
the food web exposure assessment. Due to the urbanized setting and structure of the
canal and surrounding area, only a limited number of upper trophic level receptors are
expected to utilize this aquatic habitat. Therefore, it was assumed that the species
most representative of the range of potential feeding groups using the canal included
the green heron (omnivore), double-crested cormorant (piscivore) and black duck
(herbivore). It was assumed that higher trophic level receptors received 100 percent of
their dose from the Site. Assuming 100 percent of food and potential exposure is
derived from the canal in the BERA is likely to overestimate actual risk. Data on the
toxicity of some constituents to the upper trophic level receptor species were sparse or
lacking, requiring the extrapolation of data from other wildlife species or from laboratory
studies with non-wildlife species. Extrapolating is a typical limitation for ERAs because
so few wildlife species have been tested directly for most constituents. The
uncertainties associated with toxicity extrapolation were minimized by selecting the
most appropriate test species for which suitable toxicity data were available. The
42
factors considered in selecting a test species to represent a receptor species included
taxonomic relatedness, trophic level, foraging method and similarity of diet.
This BERA considered multiple lines of evidence when evaluating the potential for
adverse effects to the assessment endpoints that were evaluated. For example, risks to
the benthic-dwelling community were evaluated using the results of two sediment
bioassays along with chemical analytical data. Although the use of multiple lines of
evidence does not eliminate the uncertainties inherent to the evaluation of ecological
risk, it helps to substantiate the general outcomes and conclusions of the BERA.
General agreement in the different lines of evidence evaluated for each of the
ecological receptors increases the level of confidence in the final conclusions made in
the BERA.
Summary of Human Health and Ecological Risks
The HHRA indicated completed human risk exposure pathways with unacceptable risk
levels for surface water/sediment contact and fish consumption.
Human exposure to hazardous substances in surface water and surface sediment by
recreating adults, adolescents and children may result in carcinogenic risks above the
EPA’s target risk range. These risks are associated primarily with exposure to
carcinogenic PAHs in the surface water and the surface sediment. The total
noncarcinogenic hazard for this pathway was within or below the EPA’s acceptable risk
levels.
Human exposure to surface water and surface sediment from canal overflow by
residential adults and children may result in carcinogenic risks above the EPA’s target
risk range. The RME carcinogenic risk for the adult/child resident is associated with
PAHs in sediment (with a smaller contribution from surface water).
The RME total noncarcinogenic hazards and/or carcinogenic risks for angler adult,
adolescent and child receptors exceed the EPA’s target risk range. The
noncarcinogenic hazards and carcinogenic risks are associated with PCBs in fish and
crab. The concentrations of PCBs in canal fish and crab samples were higher than the
PCB concentrations in the reference area samples collected from Gowanus Bay and
Upper New York Bay.28 The HHRA showed that risk for airborne exposure from the
canal was within the acceptable range.
Although not considered for CERCLA remedy selection purposes, a screening level
risk assessment for CSO pathogens that was performed by National Grid found
significant risk to child and adult recreational users and workers from CSO-related
28 As was noted previously, the PCB concentrations in the reference samples also result in
noncarcinogenic hazards and carcinogenic risks above the EPA’s target risk range.
43
pathogen exposure.29 By reducing CSO discharges, the selected CERCLA remedy will
produce the tangential benefit of reducing pathogen exposure levels.
The key results of the BERA indicated that PAHs, PCBs and metals in the sediment
are toxic to benthic organisms. PAHs represent the greatest Site-related risk to the
benthic community. PCBs and seven metals (barium, cadmium, copper, lead, mercury,
nickel and silver) were also detected at concentrations that are associated with
potentially unacceptable risk and are significantly higher than those detected in
reference area sediments. The observed toxicity in laboratory tests could have resulted
from the effects of one or a combination of these contaminants. The toxicity test results
cannot be used to distinguish which contaminants were causing the effects, although
the results for simultaneously extracted metals/acid volatile sulfide (SEM/AVS)
analyses presented in the BERA indicate that the bioavailability of metals is low; thus, it
is likely that PAHs caused a significant portion of the observed toxicity in laboratory
tests. However, potential Site-related risk to the benthic community from metals cannot
be dismissed. PAHs were found to be a potential risk to aquatic herbivores
(represented by the black duck) and mercury was found to be a potential risk to avian
omnivores (represented by the heron).
Basis for Action
Based upon the quantitative human-health risk assessment and ecological evaluation,
the EPA has determined that actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances
from the Site, if not addressed by the response action selected in this ROD, may
present a current or potential threat to human health and the environment.
REMEDIAL ACTION OBJECTIVES
As was noted above, RAOs are specific goals to protect human health and the
environment. These objectives are based on available information and standards,
such as applicable or relevant and appropriate requirements (ARARs), to-be-
considered guidance, Site-specific risk-based levels and background (i.e., reference
area) concentrations.
The following RAOs were established for the Site:
 Reduce the cancer risk to human health from the incidental ingestion of and dermal
contact with PAHs in sediment during recreational use of the canal or from
29 Elevated HIs calculated for pathogens in National Grid’s HHRA indicate an unacceptable risk
of gastroenteritis from recreational contact with canal surface water, including light use
contact. Therefore, the HHRA identified a significant risk to a child and adult recreational
visitor from exposure to pathogens in canal surface water. See GEI, 2012a.
44
exposure to canal overflow to levels that are within or below the EPA’s excess
lifetime cancer risk range of 10-6 to 10-4.
 Reduce the contribution of PCBs from the Gowanus Canal to fish and shellfish by
reducing the concentrations of PCBs in Gowanus Canal sediment to levels that are
within the range of Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference
concentrations.
 Reduce the risks to benthic organisms in the canal from direct contact with PAHs,
PCBs and metals in the sediments by reducing sediment toxicity to levels that are
comparable to reference conditions in Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay;
 Reduce the risk to herbivorous birds from dietary exposure to PAHs.
 Eliminate the migration of NAPL into the canal so as to minimize NAPL serving as a
source of contaminants, primarily PAHs, to the canal.
Preliminary Remediation Goals
Because there are no promulgated standards or criteria that apply to the cleanup of
contaminated sediments in New York,30 Site-specific, preliminary remediation goals
(PRGs) for sediments in the Gowanus Canal were developed. PRGs are used to define
the extent of cleanup needed to achieve the RAOs. A “clean” surface will be
established at the bottom of the Gowanus Canal at the end of remedy construction.
The PRGs will be used as performance targets for this “clean” surface.
It should be noted that for the following reasons, the PRGs that are being presented
are unique to the Gowanus Canal. The canal, especially the upper portion, is a water
body contained in a constructed confined space of relatively regular geometry and
relatively shallow depth. The canal receives surface water and suspended sediment
from New York Harbor through tidal exchanges from the south end of the canal and
through flushing tunnel flow at the northern end.31 Deposition of solids in the canal
from the harbor and direct stormwater runoff from exposed soil, historic fill and rooftops
will constitute the background level of contamination that should be within or slightly
above the range of contaminant concentrations at the reference harbor sampling
stations. As was noted above, the range of PAH concentrations in samples from the
30 New York’s Technical Guidance for Screening Contaminated Sediments (NYSDEC, 1999)
states the following: “Sediments with contaminant concentrations that exceed the criteria
listed in this document are considered to be contaminated and potentially causing harmful
impacts to marine and aquatic ecosystems. These criteria do not necessarily represent the
final concentrations that must be achieved through sediment remediation. Comprehensive
sediment testing and risk management are necessary to establish when remediation is
appropriate and what final contaminant concentrations the sediment remediation efforts
should achieve.”
31 The flushing tunnel connects the head of the canal with Buttermilk Channel in Upper New
York Bay.
45
harbor reference stations collected during the RI is 1 to 14 mg/kg. The post-
remediation level of contamination that would be expected in the Gowanus Canal after
all of the major canal-related sources of contamination have been reduced or controlled
is likely to be at the upper end of the range because of ongoing contributions from
uncontrolled surface water runoff and stormwater discharges. Data recently collected
from candidate reference areas for the Newtown Creek Superfund site RI indicate that
PAH concentrations in enclosed and semi-enclosed industrial embayments without
CSOs are comparable to the reference area concentrations measured in the Gowanus
Canal RI.
Human Health
Risk-based human health PRGs were developed to address the identified Site risk
using information developed from the HHRA. PRGs were developed for six
carcinogenic PAHs for exposure to near-shore surface sediment during recreational
use of the canal by adults, adolescents and children. PRGs were not included for
surface water because the concentrations of carcinogenic PAHs in canal surface water
are not significantly different than concentrations in the Gowanus Bay and Upper New
York Bay reference area. PRGs were calculated based on the Site-specific exposure
data presented in the HHRA. The ratio between the target risk and the calculated risk
was determined for each PAH and then the ratio was multiplied by the exposure point
concentration from the HHRA to calculate the PRG. A 10-5 target risk level was used
for each individual PAH so that the cumulative risk from exposure to all carcinogenic
PAHs would not exceed 10-4, which is the upper bound of the EPA’s acceptable risk
range. Additional PRGs were developed based on a cumulative cancer risk of 10-6,
which is the lower bound of the EPA’s acceptable risk range. The PRGs for the
recreational use scenario for sediment and surface water are presented in Table 13.
PRGs were not developed to address potential risk from exposure to sediment
deposited adjacent to the canal after overflow events because sediment remediation
based on the recreational use scenario would also address potential risks from canal
overflow.
The HHRA results indicated potentially unacceptable risk from the consumption of
PCB-contaminated fish and crabs from the Gowanus Canal. However, game fish and
blue crabs do not forage solely in the canal and the PCB concentrations in their tissues
reflect cumulative uptake from all of the areas that they inhabit. Therefore, the objective
is to reduce the contribution of PCBs from the Gowanus Canal to fish and crab tissue
by reducing the concentrations of PCBs in Gowanus Canal sediments to levels that are
within the range of Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference concentrations.
The maximum concentration in reference area surface sediment was selected as the
PRG (see Table 13).
46
Ecological
PRGs were developed for the protection of benthic (sediment-dwelling) organisms and
herbivorous birds. The PRGs and their basis are presented below.
Protection of the Benthic Community
PRGs for the protection of benthic organisms were derived from a graphical analysis
based on the Site-specific toxicity test and co-located sediment chemistry data
collected for the RI. Concentrations of PAHs, PCBs and metals (barium, cadmium,
copper, lead, mercury, nickel and silver) were greater than screening values in many
samples as shown in Table 14. The observed toxicity in laboratory tests could have
resulted from the effects of one or a combination of these contaminants. The toxicity
test results cannot be used to distinguish which contaminants were causing the effects,
although the results for SEM/AVS analyses presented in the BERA (EPA, 2011a)
indicate that the bioavailability of metals is low; thus, it is likely that PAHs caused a
significant portion of the observed toxicity in laboratory tests. Therefore, target areas
for remediation were developed based on PRGs for total PAHs and then checked to
verify that the potential for adverse effects from exposure to PCBs and metals were
also addressed.
Sediment toxicity data are available for two test species: a polychaete (Nereis virens)
and an amphipod (Leptocheirus plumulosus). Survival and growth of the polychaete
and survival, growth and reproduction of the amphipod were measured in sediment
samples from 17 locations, five of which represented Gowanus Bay and Upper New
York Bay reference conditions. Laboratory control sediment was also used in each test.
Because greater responses were seen in the amphipod tests, only those results were
used to derive PRGs. The incidence of amphipod toxicity in bioassays using canal
sediment was also consistently observed in toxicity tests conducted by National Grid
(GEI, 2011; GEI, 2012a and GEI 2012b) and NYCDEP (NYCDEP, 2013).
Both graphical and statistical approaches were used to derive a PRG for PAHs.
Regression analysis was attempted, but the confidence intervals around the PRG
estimates were large, indicating high variability of the dose-response relationships.
Therefore, the EPA relied on the graphical approach and the regression analysis was
used only to verify the PRGs that were developed using the graphical approach.
Using graphical analysis, two alternative potential PRG calculation approaches for total
PAHs that represent different levels of protection were determined through graphical
analysis of toxicity test results (i.e., examination of plots of total PAH concentration
versus toxicity for each station tested). The first potential PRG was determined by
inspecting the graph of the dose-response relationships and identifying the lowest
observed adverse effect concentration (LOAEC). The second potential PRG was
47
determined by selecting the concentration immediately below the LOAEC, which is the
greatest no observed adverse effect concentration (NOAEC). The potential PRGs
based on the NOAEC ranged from 39 mg/kg for amphipod survival to 7.8 mg/kg for
amphipod growth and reproduction. Potential PRGs based on the LOAEC for total
PAHs ranged from 67 mg/kg for amphipod survival to 14 mg/kg for amphipod growth
and reproduction.
Because of the sample size and the variability of the Site-specific dose-response
relationships, there is uncertainty in the NOAECs and LOAECs identified above for
each endpoint. This uncertainty was addressed using the following approach:
 Identify all potential NOAECs and LOAECs from the Site-specific data using
graphical analysis.
 Normalize the potential NOAECs and LOAECs for TOC content because organic
carbon is a key parameter influencing PAH bioavailability and the TOC content of
samples from the key stations varied.
 Calculate the geometric means of the TOC-normalized NOAECs and LOAECs.
 Convert the geometric means of the TOC-normalized NOAECs and LOAECs to a
dry weight basis using the mean canal-wide surface sediment TOC concentration of
6 percent.
The NOAEC represents the concentration assumed to not cause adverse effects based
on the Site-specific data. The LOAEC represents the lowest concentration associated
with measureable effects. The threshold where effects start can be assumed to fall
between those two concentrations. This threshold is commonly calculated at the
geometric mean of the NOAEC and LOAEC. Therefore, the PRG for total PAHs was
calculated as the geometric mean of the LOAEC and the NOAEC (see Table 15).
Additional data and analyses from the RI were considered in evaluating the efficacy of
the PRGs. Site-specific bioavailability of PAHs is important in interpreting sediment
toxicity test results. The bioavailability and potential toxicity of total PAHs in Gowanus
Canal sediments were evaluated using the Equilibrium-Partitioning Sediment
Benchmark Toxic Unit approach (described in EPA, 2003a), which estimates the
bioavailable and potentially toxic fraction of the total PAHs in the bulk sediment. The
results indicate that the PAHs are generally bioavailable and potentially toxic in the
canal samples. These results are consistent with recent sediment pore water sampling
results presented in Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Winter Report for the
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site (GEI, 2011). Calculated toxic units based on PAHs
measured in sediment porewater samples show that PAHs are bioavailable and
potentially toxic throughout the canal.
The RI also identified metals as contributing to unacceptable ecological risks to benthic
organisms. Based on measured concentrations in sediment, copper and lead were
48
identified as the metals most likely associated with adverse effects. However,
geochemical analyses (i.e., SEM/AVS) indicate that these metals currently are
minimally bioavailable and should not cause toxicity. However, metals may become
bioavailable in the future if geochemical conditions in the canal change and do not
favor the formation of insoluble sulfides. Therefore, PRGs for copper and lead are
necessary in the event that metals become bioavailable and toxic in the future. The
maximum Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay concentrations for the reference
stations that showed no toxicity were selected as the PRGs for copper and lead (see
Table 15).
Protection of Herbivorous Birds
The BERA found unacceptable risks to herbivorous birds through dietary exposure to
PAHs. A total PAH PRG for protection of herbivorous birds was derived using the food
web model developed for the BERA. The model was used to estimate the total PAH
concentration in sediment that would not pose an unacceptable risk to water fowl
eating aquatic plants in the Gowanus Canal.
Preliminary Remediation Goals for Protection of Ecological Community
PRGs for the protection of the ecological community for the post-remedy clean surface
are summarized in Table 15. The PRGs will be used as performance standards for the
post-remedy “clean” surface.
The PAH PRG of 20 mg/kg is specific to this Site; it is based on a Site-specific risk
analysis. As a comparison, it is also within the range of published and commonly
accepted sediment quality values for PAHs (Ingersoll et al., 1996; Long and Morgan,
1991; MacDonald, 1994 and Swartz, 1999). While not intended for use as PRGs, these
values have been shown to be broadly predictive of sediment toxicity. Refined
techniques for directly measuring PAH toxicity and assessment methodology continue
to develop (e.g., Burgess, 2009). Data recently collected from candidate reference
areas for the Newtown Creek Superfund site RI indicate that PAH concentrations in
enclosed and semi-enclosed industrial embayments without CSOs are comparable to
the reference area concentrations measured in the Gowanus Canal RI. As was noted
above, the EPA evaluated toxicity tests conducted by National Grid in 2011 and 2012
and by NYCDEP in 2013 and concluded that amphipod toxicity was consistently
observed in all of these bioassays using Gowanus Canal sediment.
The comparison of PAH concentrations in sediment to the PRGs shows that the entire
soft sediment column throughout the project area needs to be addressed. In addition,
PAH concentrations in the majority of native sediment underlying the soft sediment
north of the Gowanus Expressway also exceed the PRGs. Additionally, NAPL is
present in native sediment north of the Gowanus Expressway to at least the maximum
49
depth investigated in the RI (i.e., generally 6 feet below the interface between soft and
native sediments). NAPL saturation was not observed in the native sediment south of
the Gowanus Expressway.
The EPA has adopted the PRGs identified above as the final Remediation Goals (RGs)
for the Site.
SUMMARY OF REMEDIAL ALTERNATIVES
CERCLA Section 121(b)(1), 42 U.S.C. Section 9621(b)(1), mandates that remedial
actions be protective of human health and the environment, cost-effective, comply with
ARARs and utilize permanent solutions, alternative treatment technologies and
resource recovery alternatives to the maximum extent practicable. Section 121(b)(1)
also establishes a preference for remedial actions which employ, as a principal
element, treatment to reduce the volume, toxicity or mobility of the hazardous
substances, pollutants and contaminants at a site permanently and significantly.
CERCLA Section 121(d), 42 U.S.C. Section 9621(d), further specifies that a remedial
action must attain a level or standard of control of the hazardous substances, pollutants
and contaminants, which at least attains ARARs under federal and state laws, unless a
waiver can be justified pursuant to CERCLA Section 121(d)(4), 42 U.S.C. Section
9621(d)(4). Remedial alternatives are described below for the sediment and source
control.
Sediment Alternatives
Detailed descriptions of the remedial alternatives for addressing the contaminated
sediments can be found in the FS report. Seven dredging and capping remedial
alternatives were considered in the FS report:
 Alternative 1: no action.
 Alternative 2: partially dredge soft sediment and cap with isolation layer and armor
layer.
 Alternative 3: partially dredge soft sediment and cap with treatment layer, isolation
layer and armor layer.
 Alternative 4: dredge entire soft sediment column and cap with isolation layer and
armor layer.
 Alternative 5: dredge entire soft sediment column and cap with treatment layer,
isolation layer and armor layer.
 Alternative 6: dredge entire soft sediment column, stabilize top 3–5 feet of native
sediment in targeted areas and cap with isolation layer and armor layer.
 Alternative 7: dredge entire soft sediment column, stabilize top 3–5 feet of native
sediment in targeted areas and cap with treatment layer, isolation layer and armor
layer.
50
Alternatives 1, 5 and 7 were retained for further development and detailed evaluation;
Alternatives 2, 3, 4 and 6 were screened out for the following reasons: Alternatives 2
and 3 include only partial removal of the soft sediment column. Although it may be
possible to cap soft sediments which are stable in their composition and aquatic
environment, the soft sediment column within the canal does not exhibit these
characteristics. The column is subject to decomposition due to its organic nature,
which is highly influenced by contaminated CSO solids, and subject to disturbance from
vessels, tidal and weather conditions, and flushing tunnel operation. Capping
extremely soft, fine-grained sediments with high water content poses technical
challenges due to the sediments’ low bearing capacity (USACE, 2000). Evaluation of
geotechnical data submitted by National Grid in 2013 showed that capping on top of
native sediment would be much more reliable than capping on soft sediment due to
settlement. Contaminant levels deeper within the soft sediment column are generally
greater due to older historic discharges and the influence of NAPL infiltration. Partial
removal would therefore leave a large volume of impacted sediments with a broad
range and high levels of residual contamination. Ebullition potential from partially
leaving the high organic content soft sediments would still exist, increasing the risks of
cap failure. Partial removal would also result in shallower cap depth, increasing cap
damage potential from navigation. Complete soft sediment removal will eliminate
mobility of those hazardous substances. Following removal, the soft sediment can be
treated. This is consistent with CERCLA’s statutory preference for actions in which
treatment permanently and significantly reduces the volume, toxicity or mobility of the
hazardous substances.32 Given these risk management considerations, all of the soft
sediment would need to be removed in order to ensure that the remedy will be
protective of human health and the environment.
Alternatives 2, 4 and 6 include installation of a two-layer cap, with isolation and armor
layers. These alternatives were not retained because an armored sand cap is not
sufficient to control the long-term flux of NAPL and dissolved-phase contaminants.
While the temporary draining of all or portions of the canal to facilitate implementation
of the remedy was considered, it was ruled out for the entire canal for several reasons:
removal of canal water could induce canal wall and bottom instabilities due to
increased exerted pressures; draining of the canal for remedy implementation would
limit remedial and commercial barge access and conflict with the current configuration
for CSO and stormwater discharges; and odor control for such a large area of
dewatered sediments would be difficult.
Factors which determine the necessary depth of dredging include the extent of
32 “Remedial actions in which treatment which permanently and significantly reduces the
volume, toxicity or mobility of the hazardous substances, pollutants, and contaminants is a
principal element, are to be preferred over remedial actions not involving such treatment.”
See CERCLA Section 121(b)(1).
51
sediment chemical contamination and the presence of NAPL, navigational needs and
remedy implementation needs, as described below. RTA 1 is no longer used for
commercial navigation. However, this reach of the canal must have sufficient depth to
operate the flushing tunnel and vessels will need to navigate this reach of the canal to
perform cap monitoring and maintenance, as well as sewer system and flushing tunnel
maintenance and bridge and bulkhead repairs. The final dredge depth would need to
ensure that the final sediment surface remains submerged throughout the tidal cycle
and minimize remedy implementation challenges (e.g., allow sufficient water depth for
construction work throughout the tidal cycle). In RTA 2, a navigation depth of -16 feet
NAVD88 was used based on a 2009 dredging alternative analysis performed by the
USACE which selected that depth for maintaining commercial navigation. The dredging
depth in RTA 3 is in accordance with the federally-authorized navigation depth south of
Hamilton Avenue--Hamilton to Sigourney Street, the authorized channel is 18 feet deep
relative to MLLW; between Sigourney and Percival Street, the authorized depth
increases to 30 feet deep relative to MLLW. These depths are equivalent to
approximately -21 and -33 feet NAVD88, respectively.
Capping is a component of all alternatives, except the No- Action alternative, because
NAPL-contaminated sediments are present to depths that exceed the practicable depth
of removal. A capping-only alternative was not included since a cap in RTA 1 would
further restrict the water depth in the canal and result in a relatively large area of
exposed sediment at low tide, a cap in RTA 2 would compress soft sediments and
mobilize the NAPL within them and a capping-only remedy would be incompatible with
the continued use of the canal for commercial navigation.
The sediments dredged under any of the alternatives can be treated and/or disposed of
using a variety of methods. The following treatment and disposal options for dredged
sediments were identified and retained for further development and detailed evaluation:
 Option A: Off-Site thermal desorption and beneficial use.
 Option B: Off-Site disposal (landfill).
 Option C: Off-Site cogeneration and beneficial use.
 Option D: Off-Site stabilization and off-Site beneficial use.
 Option E: On-Site stabilization and on-Site beneficial use.
 Option F: Off-Site stabilization and placement in on-Site constructed CDF.
 Option G: On-Site stabilization and placement in on-Site constructed CDF.
Source Control Remedial Components and Costs
There are multiple sources of contamination causing on-going releases into the canal
which must be controlled in order for the sediment remedy selected herein to be
protective of human health and the environment and to be effective and sustainable.
Therefore, implementation of control measures to address all other contaminant
52
sources, either through state cleanup authorities or direct selection as part of this
remedy, are common and integral to ensuring the effectiveness of both of the sediment
action alternatives.
The primary on-going sources are the three former MGP facilities and the CSOs in the
upper part of the canal (outfalls RH-034 and OH-007). Unlike more typical upland
sources to sediment sites, the setting, volume and discharge pathways of these
sources make addressing them fully integral to the selected remedy.
The three former MGP facilities are being addressed by National Grid pursuant to
administrative orders with NYSDEC. The remedy selection for the three former MGP
facilities is not within the scope of this decision document. However, significant
portions of the remedial work for the three former MGP facilities are expected to occur
in the canal, requiring coordination with the sediment remedy. As a result of the
concentrated levels and widespread prevalence of MGP-related NAPL, the degree of
MGP source control may also affect cap design for the sediment remedy. Finally, the
cost of the MGP-related remedies is anticipated to be in a similar range as the selected
sediment remedy. As a result, detailed information is provided below regarding the
dynamic relationship between the selected sediment remedy and the remediation of
the former MGP facilities to establish that appropriate consideration has been given to
this integral, major source.
With regard to control of the CSOs, the other major, integral on-going contamination
source to canal sediments, the selected remedy requires implementation of specific
measures to significantly reduce contaminated CSO solids discharges to the upper
canal. Although not considered for CERCLA remedy selection purposes, the remedy
will also help address the presence of pathogens introduced into the canal by the
ongoing CSO discharges.
Former Manufactured Gas Plant Source Control Measures and Costs –
Concurrent Work under Separate State Authority
NYSDEC has not yet completed the remedy selection process for the former Fulton
and Metropolitan MGP facilities. However, NYSDEC has selected a remedy for the
Public Place former MGP facility. All of the major reports for the three former MGP
facilities, including the screening of remedial alternatives for Public Place, have been
reviewed by the EPA and are included in the EPA’s Administrative Record. New York
State guidance governing the State Superfund program requires source removal or
control for all remedies. This will ensure that the remedies for the two other former
MGP facilities will adequately address the sources. The costs for addressing the Public
Place former MGP facility are estimated by National Grid at $175-200 million, based on
NYSDEC’s selected remedy and National Grid’s remedial design work performed to
date. It is assumed that the costs for the two other sites will each be in the same range
53
or less.
CSO Solids Control Measures and Costs
To address the discharge of hazardous substances, such as PAHs associated with
typical urban drainage, the following CSO control measures were screened based on
effectiveness, implementability and cost (see the FS report addendum): no action;
optimization of existing trap chamber in CSO OH-007; CSO sediment trap at CSO RH-
034; silt curtains and/or netting facilities, maintenance dredging; sewer cleaning and
CSO storage. The permanent installation of silt curtains was screened out based on
the fact that they would not provide sufficient solids control and they would deteriorate
and require extensive maintenance over the long term in large part due to the surface
water velocities in the canal once the flushing tunnel is put back into operation. The
temporary use of silt curtains during dredging operations will be evaluated as part of
the remedial design, but silt curtains are not practicable as a permanent source control
option.
As is noted above, to ensure continued protection of the canal remedy, future
permanent CSO sediment controls are required. The only practicable, cost-effective
measure for control of this volume of contaminated CSO solids is the use of retention
tanks. Scientific literature suggests that it can be assumed that the “first flush”
comprises approximately 20% of the total discharge volume and contains between
30% and 60% of the total PAH load of the discharge (Stein, 2006). The first flush
phenomenon under urban settings with regard to the discharge of contaminants such
as PAHs and metals has been studied in various geographic regions in the U.S. that
experience different hydrologic patterns and various levels of urbanization. For
example, studies have been performed in an ultra-urban area in Maryland and the
District of Columbia (Flint and Davis, 2007), California (Lau et al,. 2009; Stenstrom and
Kayhanian, 2005; Li et. al., 2008), Ohio (Sansalone and Buchberger, 1997), Florida
(Mitsova et al., 2011); and across other countries/continents (Bertrand-Krajewski, 1998;
Deletic, 1998; Larsen et al., 1998; Lee et Al,. 2002; Nazahiyah, 2007 and Zhang et. al.,
2009). These studies demonstrate that first flush phenomenon is observed for various
precipitation patterns and different chemical compositions, including those for metals
and PAHs. In summary, the findings of these studies across the country are consistent
with Stein et al. (2006), which states that “within individual storms, PAHs exhibited a
moderate first flush with between 30% and 60% of the total PAH load being discharged
in the first 20% of the storm volume.” Therefore, the first flush concept and taking
advantage of it for controlling CSO discharges are directly applicable to the CSO
controls developed for the Gowanus Canal.
A CSO solids reduction of 58 to 74 percent was preliminarily estimated to be needed at
outfall RH-034 to meet the RGs of four contaminants (total PAH, copper, lead and total
PCBs) including a 51 to 71 percent reduction needed for total PAHs. (see the FS report
addendum). Similar reductions will be needed for outfall OH-007. That level of
54
reduction would require capturing more than 20 percent of the initial CSO discharge
volume when factoring in the first flush capture effect.
It is anticipated that capturing approximately twice the amount of the first flush of the
design storm event from CSO outfalls RH-034 and OH-007 (WB/WS Plan)33 can
provide an initial estimate of the degree of control needed so that the protectiveness of
the remedy is maintained. In order to achieve this minimum level of contaminated CSO
solids control, based on the preliminary screening, in-line sewage retention tanks34
would be constructed near outfalls RH-034 and OH-007 unless other technically viable
alternatives are identified. Tank volumes of 6- to 8-million gallons and 3- to 4-million
gallons were preliminarily selected for outfalls RH-034 and OH-007, respectively, on
the basis of their capacity to reduce CSO volume and solids in an amount that will
prevent recontamination of the canal after the implementation of the sediment cleanup
components of the remedy.
For costing purposes, an 8-million-gallon in-line retention tank (estimated by the EPA to
cost $46,429,000 to construct) would be installed for outfall RH-034 and a 4-million-
gallon in-line retention tank (estimated by the EPA to cost $31,272,000) would be
installed for outfall OH-007.35 For the purpose of developing construction costs
associated with CSO control, it was assumed that these tanks could be located on
available NYC-owned land in the vicinity of the outfalls. The final selection of CSO
control retention tank locations, as well as any further evaluations of measures to
prevent recontamination of canal sediments, will be completed during the remedial
design and in coordination with the contemporaneous LTCP development process.
NYCDEP’s has stated that it costs $1 million per year to operate its Alley Creek CSO
storage tank and $2 million per year to remove grit alone at its Flushing CSO storage
33 The EPA recognizes that, in the future, there may be more frequent large rainfall events due
to climate change.
34 As was noted above, combined sewers receive both sewage and stormwater flows, and
discharge to the canal when the sewer system’s capacity is exceeded. Rather than
discharging the sewage and stormwater to the surface water when the system’s capacity is
exceeded, the excess flow would be diverted to tanks, which would store it until the wet
weather subsides, when it would be pumped to the WWTP.
36 The cost includes $172,000,000 to address the contaminated sediments (this cost does not
include treatment and disposal of dredged sediment which are dependent upon the disposal
and treatment option selected), $77,701,000 to install in-line storage tanks for outfalls RH-
034 and OH-007 (8 million gallons and 4 million gallons, respectively) and $20,000,000 for
the excavation and restoration of the portion of the filled-in former 1st Street turning basin,
the excavation and restoration of the portion of the 4th Street turning basin underneath the
3rd Avenue bridge and the installation of a barrier or interception system on the 5th Street
turning basin side of the bridge. The cost does not include remedial measures, such as the
installation of cut-off walls, source removal or groundwater/NAPL collection systems at the
three former MGPs, which will be implemented under State authorities.
55
tank. Based on the sizes of those facilities alone (and not taking into account the
frequency of use and actual volumes of CSO stored among other differentiating
factors), the O&M cost is $0.20/million gallons per year (MG/yr) including
$0.05/MG/year for grit removal. With that cost basis, the combined costs of operating
two tanks at Gowanus Canal may be on the order of $2,400,000 per year ($1,600,000
for RH-034, $800,000 for OH-007).
NYC is under order with New York State to achieve the water quality goals of the CWA
and must ultimately meet the “highest attainable use” per the EPA’s LTCP guidance.
The LTCP, which is due to the State in June 2015, is expected to address, at a
minimum, the EPA’s remedial performance goals as noted above, for further
contaminated CSO solids control in the upper reach of the canal. The EPA and
NYSDEC are committed to work together throughout the development of the remedial
design and the contemporaneous LTCP development process to ensure that both the
Superfund and CWA goals are met in a timely, cost-effective manner. The EPA seeks
to coordinate the CERCLA and CWA processes to the extent practicable, to ensure
that the selected CERCLA remedy is implemented in an effective and timely manner.
Since the EPA is incorporating contaminated CSO solids control in the remedy
selection, siting, remedial design and remedial action pursuant to the authority of
CERCLA, certain CERCLA statutory authorities, including, but not limited to, permit
exemption and environmental impact statement functional equivalency apply.
Since the design and construction of permanent long-term CSO controls for the
Superfund remedy might not take place by the time remedial dredging is carried out,
interim contaminated CSO solids control measures would need to be developed during
the remedial design to control the discharges until the permanent measures are
implemented.
Current and future high density residential redevelopment along the banks of the canal
and within the sewershed would need to adhere to NYC rules for sewer connections
(Chapter 31 of Title 15 of the Rules of the City of New York) and be consistent with
recently adopted NYC criteria for on-Site stormwater control and green infrastructure
(NYCDEP, 2012) so as to ensure that hazardous substances and solids from additional
sewage loads do not compromise the effectiveness of the permanent CSO control
measures by exceeding their design capacity. In addition, separated stormwater
outfalls may also require source controls pursuant to applicable SPDES permits and
best management practices. In particular, such separated stormwater outfalls would
need to utilize appropriate engineering controls to minimize the discharges of
hazardous substances and solids.
Additional Source Control Measures and Costs
The costs to address the other (non-MGP) upland sources will vary from parcel to
56
parcel and will depend on source control options that may include excavation, cutoff
walls and other measures. The EPA did not estimate the costs of remediating these
additional parcels as part of the FS and, thus, those costs are not directly included in
the overall remedy costs. However, the EPA believes that, in comparison to the
overall anticipated canal remedy cost, the cost of addressing each of these parcels
would be small. The EPA anticipates that separate cleanup determinations will be
made for such parcels under the appropriate cleanup program. The appropriate
remedial measures and costs of these non-MGP upland sources will be addressed in
those separate cleanup determinations. Based upon discussions with property owners
willing to implement such measures for redevelopment purposes voluntarily, such
measures are likely to cost several million dollars or less per property. In the unlikely
event that a timely and effective state-selected remedy is not implemented at a given
non-MGP facility, the EPA may implement actions pursuant to CERCLA to ensure the
protectiveness of the selected remedy.
The costs to address the non-CSO open pipes along the canal are expected to be
minimal in comparison to the overall Site remedy costs and would involve either sealing
the pipes or requiring the property owner to obtain the necessary permit to continue the
discharge. To reduce sewer, stormwater and runoff contaminant inputs, the EPA and
NYCDEP have also discussed the use of “Best Management Practices” by various
business sectors (e.g., auto repair, vehicle storage) near the canal. The EPA
anticipates that these measures will be implemented in a phased manner over the
course of the remedial action through compliance assistance efforts and, as
appropriate, enforcement actions.
Sediment Dredging, Capping and Disposal Alternatives
The sediment dredging, capping and disposal alternatives described below also
include the excavation and restoration of approximately 475 feet of the filled-in former
1st Street turning basin and the excavation and restoration of a portion of the 5th Street
turning basin beginning underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and extending the
excavation approximately 25 feet to the east, and the installation of a barrier or
interception system at the eastern boundary of the excavation.
The construction time of approximately six years for each alternative reflects only the
time required to construct or implement the remedy and achieve the RAOs. This
period does not include the time required to discuss the design and implementation of
the remedy with PRPs and to prepare the enforcement agreement that will govern this
work, the time required for the design of the remedy, including the procurement of
contracts, and the time for the procurement of contracts for the implementation of the
remedy. This period also does not include time needed for enforcement-related
activities, including time to discuss and come to an enforcement agreement with PRPs
for the operational details for the performance of the work.
The sediment dredging, capping and disposal remedial alternatives are:
57
Alternative 1: No Action
Capital Cost: $0
Annual Operation and Maintenance (O&M) Cost: $0
Present-Worth Cost: $0
Construction Time: 0 months
The Superfund program requires that the "no-action" alternative be considered as a
baseline for comparison with the other alternatives. The no-action remedial alternative
does not include any physical remedial measures that address the contamination at the
Site.
Because this alternative would result in contaminants remaining above levels that allow
for unrestricted use and unlimited exposure, CERCLA requires that the Site be
reviewed at least once every five years. If justified by the review, remedial actions may
need to be implemented to remove, treat or contain the contaminated soils and
sediments.
Alternative 5: Dredge Entire Soft Sediment Column; Cap with Treatment,
Isolation and Armor Layers
Volume of Sediment Removed: 588,000 cubic yards (CY)
Capital Cost: $270,000,00036
Annual O&M Costs: $4,400,00037
Present-Worth Cost: $272,000,000
Construction Time: 6 years
Under this alternative, all of the soft sediment within the canal would be removed and a
cap would be placed on top of the native sediment surface.
36 The cost includes $172,000,000 to address the contaminated sediments (this cost does not
include treatment and disposal of dredged sediment which are dependent upon the disposal
and treatment option selected), $77,701,000 to install in-line storage tanks for outfalls RH-
034 and OH-007 (8 million gallons and 4 million gallons, respectively) and $20,000,000 for
the excavation and restoration of the portion of the filled-in former 1st Street turning basin,
the excavation and restoration of the portion of the 4th Street turning basin underneath the
3rd Avenue bridge and the installation of a barrier or interception system on the 5th Street
turning basin side of the bridge. The cost does not include remedial measures, such as the
installation of cut-off walls, source removal or groundwater/NAPL collection systems at the
three former MGPs, which will be implemented under State authorities.
37 This cost includes O&M related to the contaminated sediments and contaminated CSO
solids controls (such as in-line storage tanks). It does not include O&M costs related to the
three former MGPs.
58
The native sediment surface elevation is variable within the canal; therefore, there is
not a single specific removal depth in RTAs 1 or 3 under this alternative. In RTA 1, the
native surface elevation ranges from -11.8 to -25.6 feet NAVD88. In RTA 3, the native
surface elevation—and therefore the target dredge elevation—ranges from -18.9 to -
44.2 feet NAVD88. The removal of all the soft sediment would allow for the placement
of the cap and, at the same time, meet maintenance considerations in RTA 1 and
navigational needs in RTAs 2 and 3.
In RTA 2, a navigation depth of -16 feet NAVD88 was assumed based on present
commercial navigational needs. Therefore, all of the soft sediment and some native
sediment would be removed to accommodate the cap thickness and allow for
continued commercial vessel use in this reach.
The cap for this alternative would consist of an armor layer, an isolation layer and an
active treatment layer as follows from top to bottom:
 Armor layer: Stone sized to meet the erosion forces of the flushing tunnel and
navigation impacts. Sufficient sand would be placed on top of the armor layer to fill
in the voids between the stones and to establish sufficient depth of soft sediment in
order to facilitate benthic recolonization.
 Isolation layer: Approximately 1 foot thick consisting of 0.5 feet of gravel and 0.5
feet of sand to provide transition and erosion protection of the treatment layer
material from the overlying heavier armor layer.
 Treatment layer (represented in the FS by oleophilic clay): Conceptually consisting
of 1 foot in RTA 1 and RTA 2 and 0.5 feet in RTA 3 of an oleophilic clay-sand
mixture, with the exact configuration to be determined during the remedial design.
The cap would need to be designed to tolerate future maintenance dredging operations
in the canal for the removal of contaminated solids that might settle on top of it. If
possible, the treatment layer component of the cap would be designed to have an
adequate life expectancy for absorbing NAPL without replacement. For areas with high
NAPL or impacted groundwater discharge, treatment gates (i.e., NAPL sump) will likely
be needed where the treatment media can be removed without disturbing the cap
outside these areas.
This alternative would include periodic maintenance of the cap and long-term
monitoring to insure that the remedy continues to function effectively.
This alternative would also include institutional controls incorporating the existing fish
consumption advisories (modified, as needed), as well as other controls to protect the
integrity of the cap and limit construction within the canal, including bulkhead
maintenance and navigation dredging within the canal.
59
Because this alternative would result in contaminants remaining on-Site above levels
that allow for unrestricted use and unlimited exposure, CERCLA requires that the Site
be reviewed at least once every five years.
Alternative 7: Dredge Entire Soft Sediment Column; Perform In-Situ Sediment
Stabilization; Cap with Treatment, Isolation and Armor Layers
Volume Sediment Removed: 588,000 CY
Capital Cost: $286,000,00038
Annual O&M Costs: $4,400,00039
Present-Worth Cost: $288,000,000
Construction Time: 6 years
Under this alternative, all of the soft sediment within the canal would be removed and
ISS would be applied to targeted areas of native sediment to immobilize NAPL with
upward migration potential. ISS would be performed to a depth of 3 to 5 feet and would
consist of incorporating pozzolanic and/or adsorptive additives into the native sediment
to stabilize the material. ISS would be applied to areas where data indicate the
potential for active upward NAPL migration from the native sediment. The stabilization
material would be delivered to the sediment in-situ from a barge using large augers
without dewatering the canal. The area being stabilized would be surrounded by
temporary sheet-piling to contain the contaminants that would be released when the
augers are in use. Any impacted water would be treated as necessary.
The depth of removal for RTAs 1, 2 and 3 would be the same as Alternative 5.
The conceptual cap for this alternative would be the same as the cap described for
Alternative 5, an armor layer, an isolation layer and a treatment layer (represented by
oleophilic clay). In addition, treatment layer design will need to be incorporated into the
38 The cost includes $188,000,000 to address the contaminated sediments (this cost does not
include treatment and disposal of dredged sediment which are dependent upon the disposal
and treatment option selected) and $77,701,000 to install in-line storage tanks for outfalls
RH-034 and OH-007 (8 million gallons and 4 million gallons, respectively) and $20,000,000
for the excavation and restoration of the portion of the filled-in former 1st Street turning basin,
the excavation and restoration of the portion of the 4th Street turning basin underneath the
3rd Avenue bridge and the installation of a barrier or interception system on the 5th Street
turning basin side of the bridge. The cost does not include remedial measures, such as the
installation of cut-off walls, source removal or groundwater/NAPL collection systems at the
three former MGPs, which will be implemented under State authorities.
39 This cost includes only O&M related to the contaminated sediments and contaminated CSO
solids controls (such as in-line storage tanks). It does not include O&M costs related to the
three former MGPs.
60
stabilized native sediment layer where stabilization is implemented. ISS will inhibit
groundwater discharge in the treated areas and treatment gates will likely be needed
where the treatment media can be removed without disturbing the cap outside these
areas.
The cap would need to be designed to tolerate future maintenance dredging operations
in the canal for the removal of contaminated solids that might settle on top of it. If
possible, the treatment layer component of the cap would be designed to have an
adequate life expectancy for absorbing NAPL without replacement. If this is not
feasible, the alternative may include the replacement of portions of the treatment layer
(replacing the treatment layer would also necessitate the removal and replacement of
the overlying sand and armor layers).
This alternative would include periodic maintenance of the cap and long-term
monitoring to insure that the remedy continues to function effectively.
This alternative would also include institutional controls incorporating the existing fish
consumption advisories (modified, as needed), as well as other controls to protect the
integrity of the cap and in-situ stabilized material and limit construction within the
canal, including bulkhead maintenance and navigation dredging within the canal.
Because this alternative would result in contaminants remaining on-Site above levels
that allow for unrestricted use and unlimited exposure, CERCLA requires that the Site
be reviewed at least once every five years.
Treatment and Disposal Options
This section describes the treatment and disposal or beneficial-use options that may
be utilized to address sediments removed through the above-noted dredging and
capping alternatives. All treatment and disposal facility selection and beneficial use
determinations would be subject to the EPA oversight and approval. Due to the
differences in the extent of NAPL contamination in different areas of the canal, some
of the treatment and disposal options are not applicable to all RTAs. The seven
treatment and disposal options with the RTAs to which they apply (noted in
parenthesis) are:
 Option A: Off-Site thermal desorption and beneficial use (RTAs 1, 2 and 3).
 Option B: Off-Site disposal (landfill; RTAs 1, 2 and 3).
 Option C: Off-Site cogeneration and beneficial use (RTAs 1, 2 and 3).
 Option D: Off-Site stabilization and off-Site beneficial use (RTAs 1 and 3).
 Option E: On-Site stabilization and on-Site beneficial use (RTAs 1 and 3).
 Option F: Off-Site stabilization and placement in on-Site constructed CDF (RTA 3).
 Option G: On-Site stabilization and placement in on-Site constructed CDF (RTA 3).
61
The relative cost rankings for these disposal and treatment options are influenced by
tipping fees, specific treatment technology and transport distance required. The
approximate costs for the treatment and disposal options range from approximately
$170 to $320 per ton.
All of the treatment/disposal options include barging of the dredged sediment to a
local, on-Site dewatering and transfer facility.
Additional treatability testing and sampling would be needed for all of the options.
Further testing of stabilized sediment would be required to confirm that dredged
sediment can be accepted by thermal desorption (Option A) and cogeneration (Option
C) facilities. Utilization of Option B (off-Site landfill) would require testing of the
stabilized dredged sediment to confirm that it would meet acceptance criteria. Options
D, E, F and G would require further evaluations to determine the appropriate reagents
and dosing required for stabilization and to assess the leachability of the stabilized
material. Options D and E would further require a beneficial use to be identified and a
determination as to whether the stabilized sediment would meet the associated
beneficial-use requirements. A CDF would be constructed under Options F and G, if
selected based upon community acceptance and approval by NYSDEC and other
appropriate governmental regulatory authorities.
Option A: Off-Site Thermal Desorption and Beneficial Use
Option A consists of transporting dredged and dewatered sediments by barge to an
off-Site commercial facility for stabilization, followed by transport of the stabilized
sediment to another off-Site facility for treatment by thermal desorption. The treatment
residuals would be destroyed in an afterburner and the treated sediment would be
transported for beneficial use, such as daily cover at a landfill, or for another beneficial
use at an off-Site location. To develop the estimated costs, the FS assumed that
transport following stabilization would occur by truck. The total PCB and lead
concentrations present in the sediment may preclude this treatment option for some
areas of the canal.
Option B: Off-Site Disposal (Landfill)
Option B consists of transporting the stabilized sediment from the off-Site dredge
material processing facility to an appropriate landfill. It is assumed that transport from
the dredge-material-processing facility to the disposal facility would occur by truck.
Disposal at a RCRA Subtitle D landfill is assumed for the stabilized sediment.
Stabilization would be performed to the degree needed for the dredged sediment to
pass the paint filter test.40
40 This test method is used to determine the presence of free liquids in a representative sample
of waste. A predetermined amount of material is placed in a paint filter. If any portion of the
62
Option C: Off-Site Cogeneration and Beneficial Use
Option C consists of transporting dredged, dewatered sediments that have been
stabilized, as necessary, at the off-Site dredge-material-processing facility to an off-
Site cogeneration electrical plant. The stabilized sediment would be mixed with coal
and then burned to generate electricity, which would then be distributed to the
receiving electrical grid. The organic contaminants in the sediment would be
destroyed through burning of the sediments at high temperatures (greater than
1,400°C) during the co-generation process. The treated sediment would then be
transported for use as daily cover at a landfill or other beneficial use. It is assumed
that transport from the off-Site dredge-material-processing facility to the cogeneration
plant and from the cogeneration plant to the location where the treated sediment
would be beneficially used would occur by truck.
Additional bench-scale testing would be required to determine whether the sediment in
all areas of the canal would provide sufficient energy value (in British Thermal Units, or
BTUs) to make cogeneration a feasible treatment/disposal option for all of the dredge
sediments and to determine which areas of the canal contain sediment with the
appropriate BTU value. Bench testing would also be required to determine the amount
of stabilization materials needed to reduce the moisture content of the material to
approximately 20 percent (the desired limit for the receiving facilities).
Option D: Off-Site Stabilization and Beneficial Use
Option D consists of transporting dewatered sediments to an off-Site dredge material
processing facility via barge, where the sediment would be stabilized to a greater
degree than for mere disposal. The treated material would then be transported via truck
or rail (assumed to be by truck) to the off-Site beneficial use location. Potential
beneficial use options include the stabilized sediment’s use as fill or landfill daily cover
or incorporation into construction materials, such as concrete. A specific beneficial use
applicant would need to be identified and further evaluations would be required to
confirm the amounts and types of stabilizing agents that should be added to the
sediment to result in the desired physical and chemical properties. Tests to assess the
leachability of NAPL and other contaminants, as well as the material strength, would
need to be performed on the stabilized material in order to determine whether it would
meet the beneficial use requirements.
Option E: On-Site Stabilization and Beneficial Use
Option E includes stabilizing dredged sediment on-Site and beneficially using the
material passes through and drops from the filter within the 5-minute test period, the material
is deemed to contain free liquids.
63
treated sediment in areas adjacent to the canal. As with Option D, the degree of
stabilization necessary for direct on-Site beneficial use without further treatment would
need to be more substantial than the stabilization under Options A through C, where
the stabilization process would be utilized to prepare sediments for off-Site transport by
truck to be followed by treatment before final disposition. A specific beneficial use has
not been determined, but potential uses include fill or creation of concrete blocks.
Additional physical and chemical testing and cost analyses would be required to
evaluate potential beneficial uses. Sediments would need to be stabilized to a degree
consistent with their beneficial use including considerations on the leachability of
contaminants.
A beneficial use for this material would need to be identified; the limitations, additional
data needs and further evaluations described for Option D also apply to Option E. It is
assumed that the beneficial use would be in a permanently controlled environment
(e.g., long-term potential human and ecological direct contact exposures and
contaminant release are appropriately limited) and that long-term monitoring would be
performed. Permanent institutional controls would be required to ensure the long-term
effectiveness of this option. A temporary on-Site stabilization facility would need to be
constructed and a location for this facility would need to be identified.
Option F: Off-Site Stabilization and Disposal in On-Site-Constructed CDF
Lesser-contaminated, stabilized sediments could be placed in the CDF41 if approved
by NYSDEC and other appropriate governmental regulatory authorities,42 which would
be filled and covered to match the existing ground surface elevation.
Option F would apply only to sediments at RTA 3 contaminant levels. RTA 3 sediments
are less contaminated and with fewer NAPL impacts than the RTA 1 and 2 sediments.
For this reason, RTA 3 sediments are more suitable for treatment via stabilization and
placement in a CDF. Limiting Option F to RTA 3 sediments (and, space permitting,
equivalent low level sediments from other areas, especially in RTA 1, that may be
identified during design sampling) would also limit the space requirements needed to
construct a CDF. The disposal of the lesser contaminated sediments in a CDF is
projected to result in cost savings relative to the off-Site disposal options.
This option consists of transporting the stabilized sediment from the off-Site treatment
facility back to the Site by barge and then transferring the sediment into an on-Site
constructed CDF. The CDF would border water on one side and land on three sides.
The layout includes installing a single sheet- pile wall on the sides adjacent to land and
41 The EPA previously identified a potential CDF location on privately-owned property at the
Gowanus Bay Terminal on Columbia Street in Red Hook.
42 The EPA will follow OSWER Directive 9355.7-03, Permits and Permit “Equivalency”
Processes for CERCLA On-Site Response Actions.
64
installing a double sheet-pile wall on the side of the CDF adjacent to water. The void in
the double sheet-pile wall would be filled with bentonite-augmented soil or a similar
low-permeability material. Sufficient stabilization agents (e.g., Portland cement) would
be added to the dewatered sediment such that a monolithic mass would result. The
material would be transferred into the CDF before it was completely hardened and
would be placed using standard material-handling equipment. Once the treated
sediment hardens, leaching is expected to be negligible, so a leachate collection
system would not be necessary. Upon placement of the sediment in the CDF, the CDF
would be capped. It is presumed that the top layer of the cap would be asphalt,
allowing use of the surface. The CDF design would need to ensure long-term
effectiveness in a coastal marine environment and be approved by NYSDEC and other
appropriate governmental regulatory authorities. Surveys would be required on a
regular basis to monitor the long-term integrity of the cap. Cap maintenance would
include placement of additional clean materials/repaving to replace damaged areas of
the cap.
For cost-estimating purposes, it was assumed that the CDF would accommodate the
entire volume of sediment removed from RTA 3. The volume of in-situ sediment in RTA
3 has been estimated at 281,000 CY and an expansion factor of approximately 1.15
has been estimated for stabilized material, resulting in a CDF capacity of approximately
323,000 CY. If the CDF is constructed such that the thickness of stabilized sediment is
20 feet, the area required for the CDF would be 10 acres.
Bench-scale testing would be needed to determine the amounts of stabilizing agents
that should be added to the sediment to result in the desired consistency. Tests to
assess the leachability of contaminants would also need to be performed on the
stabilized material in order to refine the CDF design. The design of the CDF would
depend on its location and the characteristics of the stabilized sediment. Permanent
institutional controls would be required to protect the long-term integrity of the CDF.
Option G: On-Site Stabilization and Disposal in On-Site-Constructed CDF
Option G consists of stabilizing dredged sediment on-Site and then transferring the
sediment to a constructed on-Site CDF. The CDF would be the same as described in
disposal Option F.
The disposal under Option G is the same as Option F, with the exception that the
stabilization would be performed on-Site and transport of sediment to and from an off-
Site stabilization facility would not be needed. It is assumed that an on-Site temporary
stabilization facility would be constructed near or adjacent to the CDF location. Three
concrete mixing facilities are located on the canal, of which two have expressed
interest in providing stabilization services for the project.
65
The costs for the disposal options by RTA are summarized in Table 16.
COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES
During the detailed evaluation of remedial alternatives, each alternative is assessed
against nine evaluation criteria, namely, overall protection of human health and the
environment, compliance with ARARs, long-term effectiveness and permanence,
reduction of toxicity, mobility or volume through treatment, short-term effectiveness,
implementability, cost, and state and community acceptance.
The evaluation criteria are described below.
• Overall protection of human health and the environment addresses whether or
not a remedy provides adequate protection and describes how risks posed
through each exposure pathway (based on a reasonable maximum exposure
scenario) are eliminated, reduced or controlled through treatment, engineering
controls or ICs.
• Compliance with ARARs addresses whether or not a remedy will meet all of the
applicable or relevant and appropriate requirements of other federal and state
environmental statutes and requirements or provide grounds for invoking a
waiver.
• Long-term effectiveness and permanence refers to the ability of a remedy to
maintain reliable protection of human health and the environment over time,
once cleanup goals have been met. It also addresses the magnitude and
effectiveness of the measures that may be required to manage the risk posed by
treatment residuals and/or untreated wastes.
• Reduction of toxicity, mobility or volume through treatment is the anticipated
performance of the treatment technologies, with respect to these parameters,
which a remedy may employ.
• Short-term effectiveness addresses the period of time needed to achieve
protection and any adverse impacts on human health and the environment that
may be posed during the construction and implementation period until cleanup
goals are achieved.
• Implementability is the technical and administrative feasibility of a remedy,
including the availability of materials and services needed to implement a
particular option.
• Cost includes estimated capital, O&M and present-worth costs.
66
• State acceptance indicates whether or not the State concurs with the selected
remedy.
• Community acceptance refers to the public's general response to the results of
RI and the alternatives described in the FS report, FS report addendum and
Proposed Plan.
A comparative analysis of these alternatives based upon the evaluation criteria noted
above follows.
Overall Protection of Human Health and the Environment
Alternative 1 would not provide overall protection of human health and the
environment. This alternative would not achieve the RAOs for the canal. Contaminated
sediments would remain and exposure to these sediments would continue to pose
human health and ecological risks. NAPL migration from the sediment to the surface
water would continue and the potential for direct contact with NAPL would remain.
Alternatives 5 and 7 are expected to be protective of human health and the
environment. These alternatives would meet the RAOs by removing contaminated soft
sediment and capping with an active treatment layer to reduce and control the long-
term risks associated with the native sediment. Placing such an active cap over the
contaminated native sediment remaining in the canal would prevent exposure to
human and ecological receptors, thereby reducing and controlling toxicity to benthic
organisms and eliminating the risks to herbivorous birds. The active cap would also
prevent direct contact with NAPL and prevent NAPL migration to the surface water of
the canal. Bench- scale testing performed by the EPA has demonstrated that ISS can
sequester NAPL migration in native sediment. Implementation of ISS in targeted areas
as part of Alternative 7 is expected to provide additional protectiveness against NAPL
migration from the native sediment.
Implementation of Alternatives 5 or 7 would improve the surface water quality of the
Gowanus Canal by controlling and eliminating NAPL migration and preventing contact
of the surface water with the contaminated sediment.
Implementation of source controls to address CSO-related releases of hazardous
substances associated with contaminated CSO solids, beyond those currently being
implemented by NYCDEP, is necessary to provide overall protection of human health
and the environment. In particular, such controls are necessary to protect the integrity
of the canal remedy. By reducing discharges and accumulation of contaminated CSO
solids, contaminant concentrations in surface sediments after remedy implementation
are expected to meet the RGs, which are considered protective of human health and
67
the environment. Absent additional controls, solids contaminated with hazardous
substances will continue to be discharged through the CSOs, and will continue to
adsorb and concentrate additional releases of hazardous substances, adversely
affecting the sediments in the canal.
Compliance with ARARs
Below are the principal chemical-specific, action-specific and location-specific ARARs
for the Site.
Since there are currently no federal or state promulgated standards for contaminant
levels in sediments in New York, RGs for sediments in the Gowanus Canal were
developed based on the results of the HHRA and BERA.
The EPA and New York State have promulgated surface water standards which are
enforceable standards for various surface water contaminants. The New York State
surface water quality standards are set forth at 6 NYCRR Part 703.
While Alternatives 5 and 7 would be expected to comply with all of the designated
chemical-specific ARARs, Alternative 1 would not, since there would be no active
remediation associated with the sediments.
During the implementation of Alternatives 5 and 7, any short-term excursions above
surface water ARARs in the canal due to dredging and capping would be expected to
be limited to the area in the vicinity of the work zone. Sufficient engineering controls
would need to be put in place during dredging and capping to prevent excursions of
surface water ARARs outside of the work zone.
Disposal of solids and liquid collected as part of contaminated CSO solids controls
would be implemented in a manner that would achieve chemical-specific ARARs under
the CWA. It is anticipated that any sewage stored in retention tanks would be
processed by the existing WWTPs in accordance with each facility’s permits at the
conclusion of storm events. In the event that solids are generated for disposal at the
contaminated CSO solids control (e.g., via maintenance of an in-line CSO retention
facility), such disposal would be implemented in a manner which complied with RCRA
requirements.
The principal action-specific ARARs include CWA Sections 401, 402 and 404; the
Rivers and Harbors Act Section 10; the New York Environmental Conservation Law
(ECL) Article 15 Water Resources, Article 17 Water Pollution Control and Article 27
Collection, Treatment and Disposal of Refuse and Other Solid Waste; and associated
implementing regulations. Consideration of a CDF would be subject to review by
NYSDEC and other appropriate governmental regulatory authorities.
68
The CWA Section 401 Water Quality Certification (WQC) is implemented by NYSDEC
through ECL Article 15 and the associated regulations in 6 NYCRR Part 608 Use and
Protection of Waters. The WQC may establish conditions such as preventive measures
to minimize re-suspension of sediment and water quality monitoring during dredging,
so that the remedy would not exceed water quality standards. Placement of fill (such as
a cap or construction of an in-water confined disposal facility) and temporary
discharges of decanted waters from dredge barges into waters of the United States
would also be addressed through a WQC. The dredging or placement of fill or
structures such as bulkheads or in-water confined disposal facilities within navigable
waters of the United States and other activities which may adversely affect aquatic
ecosystems are regulated by the Rivers and Harbors Act Section 10. Similar activities
in any waters of the United States are addressed by CWA Section 404 for which the
USACE has jurisdiction.
CWA Section 402 is implemented by NYSDEC through the ECL Article 17 SPDES
requirements, which regulate the discharge of pollutants into waters of the state. Pre-
treatment or monitoring of decanted water may be imposed and would be applicable to
dewatering of the sediment at an on-Site noncommercial facility.
RCRA is the federal law addressing the storage, transportation and disposal of solid
and hazardous waste. NYSDEC implements RCRA in New York under ECL Article 27.
The dredged sediment would be considered solid waste; however, it can be exempted
from being solid waste through the WQC program. If not exempted, RCRA
requirements would be applicable.
In addition to the ARARs described above, the principal location-specific ARAR is the
Federal Coastal Zone Management Act administered by the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, and the associated NYSDEC regulations which apply to
placement of bulkhead, sheet-piling within the canal, barge/boat docks, barge
offloading facilities, boat launches, bridge abutment bulkhead protection, utility
protection and dredging. Since both of the action alternatives include dredging and
active capping within the canal, the final design of the remedy must meet the
substantive requirements of these regulations. Both action alternatives are expected to
be able to comply with all of the designated location-specific and action-specific
ARARs.
The CSO outfall source controls would comply with all of the designated chemical-
specific, location-specific and action-specific ARARs.
If a CDF were to be constructed, the design would need to consider whether the
substantive requirements of the following action-specific ARARs would be triggered
and indicate how compliance would be achieved:
69
 Clean Water Act Section 401 certification.
 6 NYCRR Part 608 Use and Protection of Waters, 6 NYCRR Part 701,
Classifications-Surface Waters and Groundwaters Clean Water Act Section
404(b).
 40 CFR Part 230 Section 404(b)(1) Guidelines for Specification of Disposal Sites
for Dredged or Fill Material.
 40 CFR Part 122 EPA Administered Permit Programs: the National Pollutant
Discharge Elimination System.
 40 CFR Part 125 Criteria and Standards for the National Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System.
 Clean Air Act, 40 CFR 50-99.
 New York State ECL Article 1 Title 1.
 New York State ECL Article 3 Title 3.
 New York State ECL Article 15 Title 5.
 New York State ECL Article 11, Title 5.
 New York State ECL Article 17, Title 5.
 New York State ECL Article 19, Title 3.
 6 NYCRR Parts 200-257–Air Resources.
 NYSDEC - New York Guidelines for Soil Erosion and Sediment Control.
Long-Term Effectiveness and Permanence
Alternative 1 would not result in any significant change in risk associated with
contaminated sediment or NAPL.
Alternatives 5 and 7 would result in significant, permanent reduction of the risks
associated with contaminated canal sediments and would meet the RAOs. Both
alternatives would provide long-term protection of human health and the environment.
The risks associated with contaminated sediment and NAPL in the canal would be
reduced over the implementation period of the alternatives as the sediments are
removed from the canal. The NAPL-contaminated sediments constitute principal threat
waste43 for which removal and treatment is warranted.
The active cap would provide long-term control of the risks associated with the native
sediment in the canal, provided that appropriate long-term cap monitoring and
maintenance plans are implemented. Adsorptive caps to control NAPL migration can
be designed for a set life expectancy where the NAPL migration rate is known. At the
McCormick and Baxter Superfund site in Portland, Oregon, the NAPL discharge rate to
43 Principal threat wastes are source materials that include or contain hazardous substances
that act as a reservoir for the migration of contamination to groundwater, surface water or
air, or act as a source for direct exposure. These materials are considered to be highly toxic
or highly mobile and, generally, cannot be reliably contained.
70
the cap was estimated and a design life of more than 100 years established (Blischke
and Olsta, 2009). NAPL discharge rates at the Gowanus Canal would need to be
determined prior to cap design to establish the appropriate adsorptive cap thickness
requirements.
Alternatives 5 and 7 are considered to have a high degree of effectiveness because all
the soft sediment would be removed and the exposure risks associated with the native
sediment would be controlled by the active cap. The application of ISS to targeted
areas of native sediment in Alternative 7 would be expected to reduce further the NAPL
mobility from the native sediment; pilot testing would need to be performed to
determine the most effective, implementable form of ISS within the canal. In the event
that ISS is not fully effective, the multilayer cap would provide a redundant level of
protectiveness.
The seven treatment and disposal options were ranked with respect to long-term
effectiveness and permanence. Options A, B and C rank high with respect to this
criterion because the material would be transferred off-Site and treated or contained in
a managed landfill, alleviating the associated risk. Options D and E (stabilization and
beneficial use) are considered to have low to moderate long-term effectiveness. The
effectiveness would depend on the actual beneficial use. Use as an off-Site landfill
daily cover, as is assumed for Option D, would be effective and permanent since the
material is used in a controlled, monitored environment. Use as on-Site fill or concrete
blocks could potentially be effective and permanent, but would require testing to ensure
that appropriate treatment is applied and would require a suitable, controlled, end-use
location to be identified. Long-term monitoring would also be needed to assure that
performance criteria continue to be achieved. Permanent institutional controls would be
needed to ensure that long-term potential human direct contact exposures are
appropriately limited. The institutional controls would need to restrict digging or
construction activities within the fill material and may need to be applied to one or more
properties, depending on where the material is used. Depending on the number of
properties and where on the properties the fill is placed, more effort and coordination
may be needed to ensure successful implementation and enforcement of these
controls. Institutional controls would require sustained application and monitoring to
assure their success.
Options F and G (stabilization and placement into a constructed CDF) are considered
to have a moderate to high ranking for this criterion because the sediment would
remain on-Site, but would be contained in an engineered CDF. Under Options F and G,
the sediment would be permanently stabilized into a relatively impermeable monolithic
mass, which is the primary mechanism for reducing or controlling long-term risk. As
previously noted, the less-impacted sediments would be placed in the CDF. Long-term
monitoring and periodic maintenance would be needed to assure that the CDF
continues to function effectively. Institutional controls, which would be relatively
71
straightforward to implement and maintain, would be required to assure that the CDF
remains undisturbed.
The commingling of solids and associated PAHs and other chemical constituents from
the CSO outfalls with sediment and chemical constituents in the canal would potentially
impact the integrity and long-term effectiveness of each of the active alternatives.
Contaminated CSO solids control would reduce the mass of solids accumulating in the
canal and, thus, reduce the residual risk from contaminants in newly deposited
sediments after remedy implementation. Treatment of any stored sewage material
would occur at the WWTPs in accordance with each facility’s permits at the conclusion
of storm events. Contaminated CSO solids controls can be designed and implemented
to provide reliable control of discharges at the selected design criteria, thus, reducing
the potential for recontamination and the residual risk after remedy implementation.
The reliability of contaminated CSO solids control would require regular inspections
and maintenance of the controls to ensure that they are operated in accordance with
design criteria. Site management controls relating to future sewer capacity would be
necessary to maintain the effectiveness of the CSO measures. Specifically, controls
would be utilized to ensure that current and future high density residential
redevelopment projects along the banks of the canal and within the sewershed would
be constructed consistent with current NYC guidelines (NYCDEP, 2012) so as to not
exceed the designed contaminated CSO solids control capacity, therefore avoiding the
contribution of new sewage discharges to the canal that could compromise the remedy.
Separated stormwater outfalls may also require discharge treatment controls.
NYCDEP’s WB/WS Plan, which followed the EPA’s LTCP guidance, was developed
and approved by the State of New York on July 14, 2009 to achieve planned levels of
CSO reductions for a typical rainfall year. The control technologies considered by
NYCDEP for the WB/WS Plan are typical of reliable contaminated CSO solids control
employed by NYCDEP and other cities around the world.
Monitoring of controls in support of the selected remedy can be integrated into
NYCDEP’s monitoring plans under the WB/WS and LTCP. Specifically, following the
implementation of the WB/WS Plan, NYCDEP will perform post-construction monitoring
to assess the effectiveness of its plan. Monitoring will consist of collecting relevant
sampling data from the canal, as well as collecting relevant precipitation data and data
characterizing the operation of the sewer system (NYCDEP, 2009). Analyses will be
performed to assess compliance with water quality standards as a measure of the
effectiveness of the WB/WS Plan. Using the collected information, NYCDEP will
assess whether or not additional CSO controls are needed to achieve compliance with
the CWA as part of an Adaptive Management Approach. NYCDEP will then submit in
June 2015, an LTCP, which may include additional CSO controls needed for
compliance with the CWA and requiring further long-term post-construction monitoring.
72
This monitoring will likely be added to NYCDEP’s SPDES permits and can integrate the
monitoring of controls implemented in support of the selected remedy for the canal.
Reduction in Toxicity, Mobility or Volume through Treatment
Alternative 1 would not result in the reduction in toxicity, mobility or volume of
contaminants nor does it include a treatment component.
The treatment component included in the Alternatives 5 and 7 cap layout is
represented by a granular oleophilic clay layer. The treatment layer would reduce the
mobility of NAPL and is considered a treatment technology. The overall reduction of
NAPL mobility expected to be achieved by the treatment layer is high. Alternative 7 is
considered to have a higher ranking because, while the capping component is the
same as that included in Alternative 5, its effectiveness is supplemented by ISS (also a
treatment technology). The application of ISS to targeted areas of native sediment in
Alternative 7 has been shown from bench-scale testing to reduce the NAPL mobility
from the native sediment further; however, pilot testing would need to be performed to
determine the effectiveness and implementability of ISS within the canal.
The reduction of toxicity, mobility and volume of the dredged sediment is dependent
upon the treatment/disposal option selected; therefore, the four treatment/disposal
options are evaluated and ranked. Thermal treatment (Option A) and cogeneration
(Option C) are both ranked high. Both treatment options would significantly reduce or
eliminate the toxicity, mobility and volume associated with the dredged sediment and
both options would satisfy the statutory preference for treatment as a principal element
of the alternative. Disposal Options B (off-Site landfill disposal), D and E (stabilization
and beneficial use) and F and G (stabilization and placement into a constructed CDF)
are all ranked as moderate for this criterion. Stabilization of the sediment would reduce
contaminant mobility, but toxicity and volume would not be affected. Thermal treatment
(Option A) and thermal destruction through cogeneration (Option C) are irreversible.
The stabilization components of Options F and G are considered irreversible since the
treated sediment would be placed in a controlled and monitored disposal facility. The
irreversibility of stabilization for Options D and E (beneficial use) would be dependent
upon the conditions where the material is placed and the degree of stabilization
performed. Additional testing would be required to determine if an irreversible
stabilization process can be developed on the basis of beneficial use.
Contaminated CSO solids control would reduce the volume of contaminants and
adsorbent organic solids discharged to the canal. The controls would permanently
reduce the mobility of contaminants by capturing and containing solids prior to being
discharged to the canal. The captured solids would then undergo appropriate treatment
and/or disposal, with the specific methods to be determined during the remedial design.
It is assumed that stored sewage would be managed at the WWTPs in accordance with
73
each facility’s permits at the conclusion of storm events. The capture of the solids
would be irreversible, since the solids would be prevented from discharging to the
canal. The reduction of toxicity and volume achieved would be designed so that
contaminated CSO solids control would result in surface sediment concentrations
below the established RGs. CSO reductions needed to achieve the RGs in surface
sediments after remedy implementation are estimated to be in the range of 58 to 74
percent.
Short-Term Effectiveness
Alternative 1, No Action, does not include any physical construction measures in any
areas of contamination and, therefore, would not present any potential adverse impacts
to on-Site workers or the community as a result of its implementation.
The preconstruction Site work, sediment removal and capping components of
Alternatives 5 and 7 are considered to have moderate short-term effectiveness due to
the construction duration and the potential construction-associated risks and short-term
environmental impacts (traffic, odors, noise, etc.). Effective controls can be
implemented to address short-term environmental impacts from temporary on-Site
sediment handling and dewatering. Barges would be used for the transport of dredged
sediment. Barges would also be used, to the extent possible, to limit traffic impacts
related to the delivery of equipment and supplies and the transport of materials from
the work area. Increased barge traffic may, however, result in vehicular traffic impacts
as a result of more frequent drawbridge openings. Appropriate measures could be
taken to limit noise, odors and other impacts associated with dredging and processing
of the sediments. The short-term effectiveness of the treatment and disposal options is
evaluated based on the potential short-term impacts to the Site associated with
transportation and the transportation distance required. The short-term effectiveness is
considered moderate to high for all of the treatment and disposal options that were
evaluated.
The transportation distance of dredged material to the final treatment or disposal facility
is an important consideration for short-term effectiveness. Distances were estimated in
the FS for the purposes of comparing options and developing costs. Options E (on-Site
stabilization and on-Site beneficial use) and G (on-Site stabilization and disposal in an
on-Site CDF) do not require the dredged sediment to be transported off-Site, although
stabilization reagents (e.g., cement and blast furnace slag) would need to be
transported to the on-Site facility. Of the remaining disposal options, Option F (off-Site
stabilization and disposal in an on-Site CDF) offers the shortest transport distance for
the dredged sediment (approximately 60 nautical miles round trip), all of it by barge.
Disposal Option A (thermal treatment) consists of approximately 30 nautical miles of
barge transport from the Site to the off-Site-dredge-material-processing facility and
from there approximately 60 miles of transport by truck to the thermal treatment facility.
74
The transport distance for Option B (off-Site landfill) is estimated to be approximately
30 nautical miles by barge to the processing facility and then approximately 110 miles
by truck to a disposal facility. Option C (cogeneration) is estimated to include
approximately 30 nautical miles of transport to the processing facility and
approximately 350 miles by truck to the cogeneration plant used as the example
facility. The off-Site beneficial use for sediment under Option D has been assumed to
be landfill daily cover; thus, it has been assumed that the material would need to be
transported approximately 110 miles by truck from the off-Site stabilization facility to the
disposal facility.
Contaminated CSO solids controls in the form of retention tanks can be designed,
constructed and operated in a manner that does not present short-term implementation
risks to the community and workers, manages environmental impacts and meets
ARARs.
Ideally, contaminated CSO solids control would be in place before the implementation
of the remedy for canal sediments. Alternatively, temporary CSO control measures
may be needed to maintain remedy protectiveness while the permanent contaminated
CSO solids controls are being implemented. At the time of the completion of the canal
remedy, the canal surface would be “clean,” with surface sediment contaminant
concentrations expected to increase over time as a result of new sediment deposition
in the canal. However, as noted, the CSO control design criteria would be selected
such that the deposition of solids from CSOs would not result in surface sediment
concentrations above the RGs.
It is estimated that the design and construction of both action alternatives would take
three years and six years, respectively.
Implementability
Alternative 1 is considered to be readily implementable because no remedial actions
would be performed
Both Alternatives 5 and 7 would be administratively feasibile in terms of assuring that
the off-site treatment/stabilization facilities have the required permits. The dredging
and capping components of Alternatives 5 and 7 are considered moderately
implementable. Both alternatives would require significant coordination between the
EPA, USACE, NYSDEC, NYCDEP, PRPs and the property owners and tenants along
the canal from the start of the design through completion of construction. The specific
characteristics of the canal (e.g., debris, degraded bulkheads, space limitations and the
surrounding lively metropolitan residential and commercial community) and the large
volumes of capping materials required would pose challenges to the remedy
implementation. The amount of material required for the cap construction may require
75
using several vendors, advanced planning and stockpiling material in advance of the
construction to assure that enough material is available during the implementation
period. It is anticipated that appropriate planning and engineering measures can
address these issues. Alternative 5 is considered to have moderate overall
implementability. Because there are more uncertainties associated with the ISS
component of Alternative 7 and additional treatability and pilot testing are required to
confirm the overall feasibility and effectiveness of this technology, Alternative 7 is
considered to have moderate implementability, but to a lesser degree than Alternative
5. The location and construction of a temporary on-Site sediment handling and
dewatering facility is considered to have moderate implementability.
The implementability of the different treatment and disposal options is more variable:
 Option A (off-Site thermal desorption and beneficial use): moderate
 Option B (off-Site land fill disposal): moderate to high
 Option C (off-Site cogeneration and beneficial use): moderate
 Option D (off-Site stabilization and off-Site beneficial use): moderate
 Option E (on-Site stabilization and on-Site beneficial use): moderate
 Option F (off-Site stabilization and disposal in on-Site constructed CDF): moderate
 Option G (on-Site stabilization and disposal in on-Site constructed CDF): moderate
Thermal treatment and cogeneration facilities (Options A and C, respectively) are
limited within the geography, which would restrict the ability to competitively bid these
services. The total PCB and lead concentrations in the soft sediment in some portions
of the canal may also limit the potential for beneficial use after thermal treatment.
Treatability testing would be needed to confirm that the available treatment facilities
can accept the dewatered and stabilized sediment.
The availability of landfill facilities that would accept contaminated river sediment as
waste and the existing capacity at these facilities within the geography is limited. Based
on inquiries of Subtitle D landfills in the area, few facilities would accept materials
originating from outside the county they serve and only a subset of these facilities
would accept dredged material. Because Option B includes off-Site landfill disposal of
the stabilized dredged sediment, the implementability of this option is reduced for
disposal facilities in the area; however, additional disposal facilities are available
outside of the area. Use of these facilities would result in increased transport costs.
The beneficial use of treated sediment under Options A and C is expected to be readily
implementable as long as treated sediment meets the end-use requirements.
The implementation of Options D and E (stabilization and beneficial use) would require
identifying an off-Site or on-Site beneficial use of the stabilized material, as well as
defining the performance standards for the end-use requirements. The stabilized
material would need to meet the chemical and physical performance standards (e.g.,
76
short- and long-term leachability and strength characteristics) in order for these options
to be implemented. Additionally, on-Site use of the stabilized material would be
dependent upon property owner acceptance and the sustained application of
institutional controls. Due to these unknowns and challenges, these two disposal
options are considered to have moderate implementability. The off-Site beneficial-use
option has a slightly higher ranking due to the possibility of more beneficial-use
applications. The on-Site beneficial-use option also is ranked slightly lower due to the
potential difficulties associated with effective sustained implementation of institutional
controls.
Implementation of disposal Options F and G (stabilization and on-Site CDF) is
dependent on the acceptance from the community, review of NYSDEC and other
appropriate governmental regulatory authorities and the sustained application of
institutional controls. These options may be difficult to implement due to administrative
considerations and, therefore, received a moderate ranking.
Various approaches to CSO solids control exist and have been successfully
implemented elsewhere. NYCDEP has demonstrated that CSO discharges can be
significantly reduced with the utilization of CSO retention tanks.
Cost
A summary of the estimated cost for each dredging and capping alternative and the
associated treatment and disposal options, as well as the costs for the CSO retention
tanks, is provided in Table 16.
Support Agency Acceptance
NYSDEC concurs with the selected remedy; a letter of concurrence is attached (see
Appendix IV).
Community Acceptance
Comments received during the public comment period indicate that the public generally
supports the dredging, capping and CSO abatement components of the selected
remedy. While 15 local businesses and approximately 700 Red Hook residents located
in close proximity to the proposed location of the CDF expressed support for its
construction, approximately 900 parties located in other sections of Red Hook,
elsewhere in New York State and in other states expressed strong opposition to the
CDF option. In addition, two petitions containing over 3,000 signatures from business
owners, residents, users of the recreation area, and concerned citizens expressing
opposition to the processing of contaminated sediments in Red Hook and their
placement in a CDF was presented to the EPA by “No Toxic Red Hook.” The
77
comments are summarized and addressed in the Responsiveness Summary, which is
attached as Appendix V to this document.
PRINCIPAL THREAT WASTE
The NCP establishes an expectation that the EPA will use treatment to address the
principal threats posed by a site wherever practicable (NCP Section 300.430
(a)(1)(iii)(A)). The Aprincipal threat@ concept is applied to the characterization of
Asource materials@ at a Superfund site. A source material is material that includes or
contains hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants that acts as a reservoir for
the migration of contamination to groundwater, surface water or air, or acts as a
source for direct exposure. Principal threat wastes are those source materials
considered to be highly toxic or highly mobile and that generally cannot be reliably
contained or will present a significant risk to human health or the environment should
exposure occur. The decision to treat these wastes is made on a site-specific basis
through a detailed analysis of alternatives, using the remedy-selection criteria that are
described below. This analysis provides a basis for making a statutory finding that the
remedy employs treatment as a principal element.
Elevated contaminant concentrations and visual evidence of the presence of NAPL
exist in the canal. The RI indicated that the NAPL and contaminated sediments are
mobile, at least when disturbed; have high concentrations of toxic compounds; and
present significant risks. Therefore, they are characterized as principal threat wastes.
The selected remedy addresses source materials constituting principal threats by
removing the entire accumulated sediment column, thermally treating the NAPL-
impacted sediments dredged from the upper and mid-reaches of the canal and
applying ISS in targeted NAPL areas of native sediment, thereby satisfying the
preference for treatment.
SELECTED REMEDY
Summary of the Rationale for the Selected Remedy
Based upon consideration of the requirements of CERCLA, the results of the Site
investigations, the detailed analysis of the alternatives and public comments, the EPA
has determined that the following combination of alternatives44 and treatment and
disposal options satisfies the requirements of CERCLA Section 121, 42 U.S.C. § 9621,
and provides the best balance of tradeoffs among the remedial alternatives with
respect to the NCP’s nine evaluation criteria at 40 CFR §300.430(e)(9):
44 While remedial alternatives are typically compared against each other with the intent of
selecting one alternative, due to the different conditions at each of the RTAs, both action
alternatives will be utilized.
78
 Alternative 5: Dredge the entire soft sediment column and cap with treatment,
isolation and armor layers for RTA 3.
 Alternative 7: Dredge the entire soft sediment column, targeted ISS of native
sediment in areas with potential for active upward NAPL migration from the
native sediment and cap with treatment, isolation and armor layers for RTAs 1
and 2.
 Excavation and restoration of a portion of the original filled-in 1st Street turning
basin.
 Excavation and restoration of the portion of the 5th Street turning basin
beginning underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and extending approximately 25
feet to the east and the installation of a barrier or interception system at the
eastern boundary of the excavation.
 Option A: Off-Site thermal desorption/beneficial use for the sediments removed
from the NAPL-impacted areas in RTA 1 and RTA 2.
 Option D: Off-Site stabilization/beneficial use for the sediments removed from
the non-NAPL impacted areas in RTA 3.
 Contaminated CSO solids control through the use of CSO retention tanks.
The rationale for selecting this remedy is as follows:
 Removal of all of the soft sediment will remove the PAHs and collocated metals and
PCBs which are found only in the soft sediment at concentrations of concern and is
the most appropriate approach to address the principal threat waste (i.e., NAPL
present within the accumulated sediments).
 Removal of all soft sediment will limit the potential for future contaminant transport
through localized portions of the cap that might be eroded.
 With the removal of all soft sediment, sediment stabilization will be needed only in
select areas where the native sediment is contaminated with NAPL so as to control
NAPL mobility, and will provide additional partial treatment of this residual principal
threat waste
 The native sediment will provide higher long-term reliability for supporting the cap
than would placing the cap directly on the soft sediment.
 Removal of the soft sediment removes the high organic carbon content sediment
from the canal that is the likely cause of ebullition, which is a significant NAPL
transport mechanism, thereby minimizing the gas buildup under the cap that could
lead to cap failure.
 If the soft sediment were left in place, stabilization of the soft sediment might be
needed to provide the needed cap support along the entire canal, rather than only
in areas of NAPL mobility in native sediment; widespread stabilization may alter
groundwater flow and/or result in localized flooding and will require removal of
swelled material produced during the stabilization process for disposal.
 Removal of the soft sediment will provide for deeper water depths to support current
79
navigation uses and will better protect the cap and prevent damages from barges.
 Removal of much of the soft sediment is necessary for implementation of the
remedy and future maintenance of the remedy and canal infrastructure, such as
bulkheads.
 Removal of the soft sediment will limit the risk of future contaminant transport
caused by storm-related cap damage.
 Off-Site thermal desorption of the dredged NAPL-impacted sediments from RTA 1
and RTA 2 is irreversible and would eliminate the toxicity and mobility of the
contaminants in the sediments.
 The utilization of the non-NAPL impacted stabilized sediments dredged from RTA 3
as off-Site landfill daily cover would provide a beneficial use for the sediments in a
controlled, monitored environment.
 CSO retention tanks and the permitting or elimination of unpermitted pipes will
prevent recontamination of the canal bottom.
The primary reason for the removal of the accumulated soft sediment is the removal
and treatment of the principal threat waste represented by the grossly-contaminated
accumulated sediments. Removal of the accumulated sediments will result in the
removal of contaminants of concern in that stratum, thereby reducing the risk of
recontamination in the event of a cap failure. In addition, the removal of the majority of
the accumulated sediments is necessary for constructability reasons. Nearly half of the
soft sediment must be removed to create sufficient depth for work boats that will
implement the remedy (debris removal, installing/removing temporary sheet-pilings,
dredging, disposal barges and cap placement), to maintain the cap and conduct future
repairs to bulkheads and other infrastructure throughout the canal and to avoid
propeller wash cap damage by existing commercial barge navigation in the lower two
thirds of the canal.
Current and expected major development projects in the area will likely bring
substantially more people to upland portions of the canal, adding to the number of
people subject to the identified exposure pathways. NYC has previously identified such
redevelopment pressures as justification for the timely implementation of a remedy.
The EPA believes that the remedy can be initiated after approximately three years of
design work, and would be implemented within six years of initiation.
The EPA has determined and NYSDEC agrees that the selected remedy is protective
of human health and the environment, provides the greatest long-term effectiveness, is
able to achieve ARARs more quickly than other alternatives and is cost-effective. The
selected remedy utilizes permanent solutions, alternative treatment technologies and
resource-recovery technologies to the maximum extent practicable. Furthermore, the
selected remedy meets the statutory preference for the use of treatment as a principal
element.
80
Description of the Selected Remedy
The selected remedy includes dredging of accumulated sediments, capping, off-Site
thermal treatment of dredged NAPL-impacted sediments in the canal and existing
turning basins, in-situ stabilization of native sediments with high levels of NAPL,
excavation and restoration of a portion of the filled-in former 1st Street and a portion of
the 5th Street turning basin beginning underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge, stabilization of
sediments not impacted by NAPL and reuse off-Site, institutional controls and
combined sewer overflow controls.45 The specific components of the selected remedy
are as follows:
Dredging, Capping and Treatment/Disposal
Because of the substantial amounts of debris in the canal and in order to facilitate the
dredging of the contaminated sediment, debris removal from the canal bottom will be
completed prior to the commencement of the dredging.
RTAs 1 and 2: Alternative 7 (dredge entire soft sediment column, targeted ISS of
native sediment in areas with potential for active upward NAPL migration from the
native sediment and cap with treatment, isolation and armor layers). The armor layer
will consist of stone sized to meet the erosion forces of the flushing tunnel and
navigation impacts. Sufficient sand will be placed on top of the armor layer to fill in the
voids between the stones and to establish sufficient depth of soft sediment in order to
facilitate benthic recolonization.
RTA 3: Alternative 5 (dredge entire soft sediment column and cap with treatment,
isolation and armor layers).
Although the FS report used mechanical dredging as the representative method of
sediment removal, flexibility will be allowed in the selection of the most appropriate
dredging method during the remedial design.
The remedy will also include the excavation and restoration of approximately 475 feet
of the filled-in former 1st Street turning basin and the excavation and restoration of the
portion of the 5th Street turning basin beginning underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and
extending approximately 25 feet to the east, and the installation of a barrier or
interception system at the eastern boundary of the excavation.46 In addition to the
45 See Figure 6 for an illustration of the selected remedy.
46 Analytical data obtained during the RI in the former 1st Street turning basin showed the
existence of significant contamination in soil and groundwater above cleanup standards. As
with other former turning basins along the canal, it is believed that contaminated sediments
within the 1st Street turning basin were left in place when it was filled in. In addition, there
81
removal of buried contaminated sediments which are ongoing contaminant source to
the canal, the excavation of the turning basins will mitigate the loss of surface water
area as a result of new bulkhead encroachment into the canal.
Addressing the contaminated sediments will remove PAHs and the other collocated
risk-driving chemicals (PCBs and metals).
Approximately 307,000 CY of contaminated sediment would be dredged from RTA 1
and RTA 2 and approximately 281,000 CY of contaminated sediment would be
dredged from RTA 3.
The cap would need to be designed to tolerate future maintenance dredging operations
in the canal for the removal of contaminated solids that might settle on top of it. The
specific type of the treatment layer will be selected during the remedial design, taking
into consideration technological advances. If practicable, the treatment layer
component of the cap will be designed to have an adequate life expectancy for
absorbing NAPL without replacement. For areas with high NAPL or impacted
groundwater discharge, treatment gates will likely be needed where the treatment
media can be removed without disturbing the cap outside these areas.
Pilot testing will be performed to assess whether or not large-scale ISS of NAPL-
impacted native sediments will have an adverse impact on groundwater flow and to
provide information for the design of mitigation measures if results indicate that
adverse impacts are expected.
Following on-Site dewatering, the disposition of the dredged sediments will be as
follows:
RTA 1: NAPL Impacted Areas, Option A—Off-Site thermal desorption/beneficial use;
Non-NAPL Impacted Areas, Option D—Off-Site stabilization/beneficial use.
RTA 2: Option A—Off-Site thermal desorption/beneficial use (NAPL impacts throughout
RTA 2).
RTA 3: Option D—Off-Site stabilization/beneficial use.
Periodic maintenance of the cap and long-term monitoring will be performed to insure
are indications that the fill itself may have included waste materials. The filled-in 1st Street
turning basin may also have been subject to later spills and dumping. The turning basin is
hydraulically connected to the canal (with no bulkhead standing between the canal and the
basin) such that contaminants within the basin are an on-going source of contamination.
Finally, unlike the filled in portions of the other former turning basins (with the exception of
the portion of the 4th Street turning basin located underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge), the 1st
Street turning basin has no standing structures on or near it.
82
that the remedy continues to function effectively. The frequency and specific details of
the maintenance and monitoring programs will be developed during the remedial
design.
Source Controls
In order for the selected remedy in the canal to be effective, sources that could
recontaminate the canal must be addressed. The upland sources of contamination,
including the former MGP facilities, the CSO discharges in the upper part of the canal
(particularly, outfalls RH-034 and OH-007), contaminated areas along the canal
(including contaminated solids contributed by erosion from the surface and through
bulkheads in disrepair) and the unpermitted pipes along the canal will be addressed
prior to the commencement of, or in phased coordination with, the implementation of
the selected remedy.
The former MGP facilities are being addressed by National Grid under NYSDEC
oversight. Based upon the first NYSDEC-selected remedy at one of these sites and
NYSDEC guidance for presumptive remedies at former MGP facilities, it is assumed
that actions such as removal of mobile sources, construction of cut-off walls along the
canal, and active recovery of NAPL near the cut-off walls for each of the former MGP
facilities will be implemented to prevent the migration of contamination from the former
MGP facilities into the canal. The cleanup of the former MGP facilities will be
completed in accordance with schedules agreed upon between the EPA and NYSDEC
(see Appendix VI). In the unlikely event that a timely and effective state-selected
remedy is not implemented at a given former MGP facility, the EPA may implement
actions pursuant to CERCLA to ensure the protectiveness of the selected remedy.
NYSDEC is currently overseeing work being performed by NYCDEP to reduce CSOs
to the canal by approximately 34 percent in lower canal outfalls. Additional long-term
CSO reductions are anticipated result from the NYCDEP sewer separation project for
flood control purposes in a 96-acre area around Carroll Street, and from the NYCDEP
green infrastructure effort (however, the stormwater component of the CSOs will still
discharge to the canal after the sewer separation project). To significantly reduce
overall contaminated solid discharges to the canal, the selected remedy includes the
following CSO control measures for the upper reach of the canal:
 Construction of in-line sewage/stormwater retention tanks in the vicinity of
outfalls RH-034 and OH-007. It is estimated that an 8-million gallon tank and a
4-million gallon tank will be required for outfalls RH-34 and OH-007,
respectively. In addition, smaller CSOs in the vicinity of outfalls RH-034 and
OH-007 will be connected to the retention tanks. The location and capacity of
the retention tanks will be determined during the remedial design. The capacity
of the retention tanks will need to accommodate the projected additional loads
83
to the combined sewer system as a result of current and future residential
development, as well as a result of periods of high rainfall, including future
rainfall increases that may result from climate change. The retention tanks will
also need to conform with the requirements of the CWA and work in concert
with NYC’s wastewater treatment plants.
 In the event that the permanent measures described above are not
implemented in a timely manner, implementation of interim controls, such as
temporary solids capture and removal, to mitigate sediment from the CSO
discharges until the permanent measures have been implemented. 47
Since the EPA is incorporating contaminated CSO solids control in the remedy
selection, siting, remedial design and remedial action, pursuant to the authority of
CERCLA, certain CERCLA statutory authorities including, but not limited to, permit
exemption and environmental impact statement functional equivalency apply. The EPA
seeks to coordinate the CERCLA and CWA processes to the extent practicable, to
ensure that the selected CERCLA remedy is implemented in an effective and timely
manner.
The selected remedy also includes the following measures for discharges from upland
Sites (other than the former MGP facilities) and for unpermitted pipes along the canal:
 The EPA and NYSDEC will coordinate measures to control discharges from
upland contaminated areas adjacent to the canal that have already been
referred to NYSDEC for action. The schedule for these measures will conform
to the schedules for the cleanup of the canal.
 Under the selected remedy, unpermitted pipe outfalls will be either controlled or
eliminated.
It is anticipated that temporary sheet-piling will be required for dredging and capping in
locations where the condition of bulkheads warrants additional structural support. At
the former MGP facilities, bulkhead replacement will likely be a component of the
remedy. Other areas where significant NAPL is found at shallow depths in the banks of
the canal may also require bulkhead replacement in conjunction with construction of
subsurface barrier walls. Elsewhere, it is anticipated that bulkhead replacement will not
be part of the remedy, unless a substandard bulkhead is judged to present an
impediment to construction or a threat to the integrity of the remedy. Based on the
anticipated interception walls for the former MGP facility cleanups and the EPA’s
current negotiations with various property owners along the canal for bulkhead
upgrades, the EPA anticipates that a significant portion of the existing bulkheads will be
upgraded to a standard before dredging so as to not require temporary shoring.
47 It is unlikely that permanent measures to control the CSO discharges will be in place before
the commencement of the remediation of the canal sediments.
84
A temporary on-Site facility may be necessary for dewatering, water treatment and/or
transfer of dredged sediments. To the extent practicable, such operations may take
place on barges.
Barges will be used for the transport of dredged sediment. The use of barges and other
project-related watercraft (for sampling, support, etc.) during project operations will
impact the use of other commercial and recreational water-based traffic on the canal.
The EPA will establish plans to mitigate such impacts, though these impacts cannot be
eliminated. Appropriate measures will be taken to limit noise, odors and other impacts
associated with dredging and processing of the sediments. The EPA will continue to
conduct community outreach to involve and inform the public and address public
concerns during the design and implementation of the remedy.
Current and future high density residential redevelopment along the banks of the canal
and within the sewershed shall adhere to NYC rules for sewer connections (Chapter
31 of Title 15 of the Rules of the City of New York) and shall be consistent with current
NYCDEP criteria (NYCDEP, 2012) and guidelines to ensure that hazardous
substances and solids from additional sewage loads do not compromise the
effectiveness of the permanent CSO control measures by exceeding their design
capacity. For example, redevelopment projects will need to take mitigation measures
to prevent or offset additional sewer loadings. Separated stormwater outfalls will also
require engineering controls to ensure that hazardous substances and solids are not
discharged to the canal.
Pilot projects supported by federal and NYC grants are currently under way for the
control of street runoff along the Gowanus Canal using green street ends.48
The environmental benefits of the selected remedy may be enhanced by
consideration, during the design, of technologies and practices that are sustainable in
accordance with the EPA Region 2’s Clean and Green Energy Policy and NYSDEC’s
Green Remediation Policy.49 This will include consideration of green remediation
technologies and practices.
Because this remedy will result in contaminants remaining on-Site above levels that
allow for unrestricted use and unlimited exposure, CERCLA requires that the Site be
reviewed at least once every five years after the initiation of the action.
48 Green street ends employ vegetation planted between the end of the street and the canal to
prevent particulate matter and oils from discharging into the canal. The EPA supports the
expanded use of such green street ends.
49 See http://epa.gov/region2/superfund/green_remediation and http://www.dec.ny.gov/docs/
remediation_hudson_pdf/der31.pdf.
85
As was noted in the “Scope and Role of the Operable Unit” section, above,
contaminated groundwater that is migrating to the canal from upland areas will be
investigated and addressed as part of the upland source remediation, as necessary.
Institutional Controls
Institutional controls are part of the selected remedy. Because of the anticipated
unacceptable human health risk associated with the consumption of PCB-contaminated
fish and shellfish after the remedy is implemented, the EPA will rely on existing New
York State Department of Health (NYSDOH) fish consumption advisories. This existing
fish consumption advisory for Upper New York Bay identifies PCBs as one of the
contaminants of concern.
Institutional controls will also be used to protect the integrity of the cap and in-situ
stabilized material. NYC owns the canal (with the exception of certain turning basins)
and is among the government entities that regulates bulkhead construction. The
institutional controls will include restrictions to prevent damage to the cap, limitations
on construction within the canal, including bulkhead maintenance and navigation
dredging within the canal. Where cutoff walls and other upland cleanup measures are
implemented under NYSDEC or EPA oversight, appropriate protective easements or
other deed restrictions would be implemented.
Summary of the Estimated Remedy Costs
The estimated capital cost is $285,700,000. The estimated treatment and disposal
cost is $216,000,000. The estimated annual operation, maintenance and monitoring
cost (using the federal standard seven percent discount rate and a 30-year interval) is
$4,400,000 (the cost includes O&M related to the in-line retention tanks). The
estimated present-worth cost is $506,100,000. Tables 17 and 18 provide the basis for
the cost estimates for the selected remedy.
It should be noted that these cost estimates are order-of-magnitude engineering cost
estimates that are expected to be within +50 to -30 percent of the actual project cost.
These cost estimates are based on the best available information regarding the
anticipated scope of the selected remedy. Changes in the cost elements are likely to
occur as a result of new information and data collected during the engineering design
of the remedy.
Expected Outcomes of the Selected Remedy
The results of the HHRA indicate that the canal, if left unremediated, presents
unacceptable risk levels for surface water/sediment contact and fish consumption.
Human exposure to hazardous substances in surface water and surface sediment by
86
recreating adults, adolescents and children may result in carcinogenic risks above the
EPA’s target risk range. These risks are associated primarily with exposure to
carcinogenic PAHs in the surface water and the surface sediment. Human exposure to
surface water and surface sediment from canal overflow may result in carcinogenic
risks above the EPA’s target risk range.
Despite a New York State Department of Health fish advisory covering the entire
Gowanus Canal, posted warnings and public outreach efforts, the canal is regularly
used for fishing, particularly subsistence fishing by communities surrounding the canal
with environmental justice concerns. A NYCDEP survey of residents indicated that
fishing is the number one canal use by area residents (NYCDEP 2008). The EPA
believes that the selected remedy will reduce risks to these communities by reducing
sources which contribute to these risks. However, because the selected remedy will not
fully eliminate the need for fishing advisories due to contaminants from New York
Harbor, the EPA intends to continue to coordinate fishing advisory education and
awareness efforts with the appropriate governmental agencies.
The key results of the BERA indicated that PAHs, PCBs and metals in the sediment
are toxic to benthic organisms. PAHs were detected in sediment at the highest
concentrations relative to their ecological screening benchmarks and represent the
greatest Site-related risk to the benthic community. PCBs and seven metals (barium,
cadmium, copper, lead, mercury, nickel and silver) were also detected at
concentrations above their ecological screening benchmarks and at concentrations
significantly higher than those detected in reference area sediments and also represent
a potential Site-related risk to the benthic community. PAHs were found to be a
potential risk to aquatic herbivores (represented by the black duck) and mercury was
found to be a potential risk to avian omnivores (represented by the heron).
The selected remedy will reduce the above-noted risks by reducing sources which
contribute to these risks.
Implementation of the selected remedy will improve the surface water quality of the
Gowanus Canal by controlling and substantially eliminating sheens and preventing
contact of the surface water with the contaminated sediment.
It is estimated that it will require six years to construct the selected remedy and achieve
the RAOs.
Source Control
The coordination of upland cleanups, CSO control and the sediment remedy is
necessary for a comprehensive and sustainable remedy.
87
With respect to the former MGP facilities and other upland source areas, the EPA and
NYSDEC are closely coordinating and the EPA is confident that these source areas
can be appropriately addressed within the anticipated remedial approach and schedule
for the canal remedy.
The EPA and NYSDEC have agreed to a coordinated schedule for the former MGP
facilities and canal sediment cleanup efforts based on the anticipated timing of the
dredging in the canal (which will commence at the head of the canal).
Because the upland contamination source areas which may impact groundwater have
been referred to NYSDEC for investigation and remediation, if necessary, the EPA
believes that a groundwater remedy is not required as part of this remedy. As a result,
the selected remedy will not rely on dilution or dispersion of contaminated groundwater
which is discharging into the canal.
CSO controls are needed to prevent the discharge and transport of contaminated CSO
solids which are contaminated with comparatively low levels of hazardous substances
associated with urban CSO discharges. These solids also serve to capture and
concentrate other contaminants. Such controls will ensure the long-term viability of a
restored canal.
As noted in the “Site Background” section, above, a number of planned sewer system
improvements will decrease the overall CSO discharges to the canal. As a result, the
EPA does not foresee a need for additional CSO controls in the lower reaches of the
canal, where all of the reductions will occur from the CSO control improvements now
underway. Although the WB/WS Plan will achieve an overall estimated 34 percent
reduction of CSOs to the canal, discharges at outfall RH-034 at the head of the canal
are estimated by NYCDEP to increase by 5 percent. Planned development in the area
has the potential to increase sewage flows further, which can contribute to increases in
CSO discharges.
The selected remedy will not be inconsistent with the LTCP and the CWA. The canal’s
current uses, fishing and recreation, and the physical conditions which lead to frequent
flooding with the potential to distribute sediments and sewage contaminated with
hazardous substances, provide a further basis for implementing additional
contaminated CSO solids controls. Significant residential and commercial
redevelopment pressures that exist adjacent to the canal increase the need for
sediment, upland and CSO remedy components. However, new construction would be
subject to NYC building codes and stormwater rules, updated in 2012, which would
help reduce the impacts of such development.
The EPA is committed to achieving cost savings by working closely with NYCDEP to
accomplish an effective Superfund cleanup while also realizing CSO benefits
88
necessary to effectively implement the remedy through synergies and economies of
scale. NYCDEP will complete a full assessment of achieving CWA goals with
submission of the LCTP pursuant to the CSO Consent Order. The LTCP, which is due
to the State in June 2015, is expected to address, at a minimum, the EPA’s remedial
performance goals for further contaminated CSO solids control in the upper reach of
the canal.
The design of this Superfund remedy will be informed by NYC’s contemporaneous
work in developing the LTCP. The EPA will work with NYC to advance both Superfund
and CWA goals by allowing NYCDEP the opportunity to evaluate locating CSO control
facilities in areas where upland Site-related source removal work might take place,
creating a synergy between programs that potentially could save time in Site
acquisition and permitting and save significant construction costs. While final selection
of the CSO control locations will occur during the remedial design, the EPA has
identified the western two-thirds of Thomas Greene Park and the NYC Department of
Transportation storage lot located at 2nd Avenue and 5th Street (which is adjacent to
the sewage system infrastructure) as potentially suitable locations due to such
synergies. Both are owned by NYC, eliminating property acquisition costs. Both
parcels are located near the major CSO outfalls, RH-034 and OH-007, which require
control.
Thomas Greene Park is part of the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site. Gas
storage tanks and other operations were located on the parcels from 1879 until
approximately 1938. The coal tar at this parcel and surrounding parcels is a major
ongoing source of NAPL to the canal. As an owner of the park, NYC may also be
considered liable for its remediation. The eastern third of the park, where no
contamination is present, was renovated in 2012-2013. National Grid’s RI Report
indicates that the western two-thirds of the park contains high levels of MGP
contamination at depths of 8 feet or more below the ground surface. Although the RI
found that contamination poses no risk to current users of the park, any future
renovation project in this area that involved extensive excavation would encounter
MGP contaminated soils, and in some places could encounter soils with free liquid tar.
Although NYSDEC has not yet selected a remedy for the former Fulton MGP facility,
such remedial work on or near the park would be expected to cause temporary
disruptions to public use of the park. In the event that excavation of NAPL source
areas is necessary at the park, co-location of a CSO retention tank would potentially
reduce the costs of both the MGP facility cleanup and the tank construction. Based on
other existing CSO retention tank projects, the EPA believes that CSO controls can be
integrated into both of the potential tank locations while maintaining their current uses.
Since the EPA is incorporating contaminated CSO solids control in the remedy
selection, siting, remedial design and remedial action pursuant to the authority of
CERCLA, certain CERCLA statutory authorities including, but not limited to, permit
89
exemption and environmental impact statement functional equivalency apply. The EPA
seeks to coordinate the CERCLA and CWA processes to the extent practicable, to
ensure that the selected CERCLA remedy is implemented in an effective and timely
manner.
Remedy Considerations--Bulkhead Replacement
The condition and appearance of the bulkheads is a matter of significant concern to
affected property owners and the public. The cost of temporary shoring of bulkheads is
included in the selected remedy. Only limited permanent bulkhead replacement is
expected to occur as a direct part of the remedy. Other bulkhead replacement is
expected to occur as a result of remedial work conducted by National Grid under
NYSDEC oversight, and through re-development projects such as by the Lightstone
Group and other developers, as well as via upgrades by private property owners. To
facilitate each of these approaches, the EPA has held talks with the USACE, NYSDEC
and NYC about cooperative approaches to address bulkhead replacement and
restoration along the canal. To the extent that bulkhead replacement occurs,
appropriate consideration will be given to bulkhead preservation, aesthetics and the
use of soft edges. The restoration effort at the two turning basins will mitigate the loss
of surface water area as a result of new bulkhead encroachment into the canal.
The EPA is developing a standard approach which will ensure that the bulkheads are
upgraded in a manner consistent with the canal remedy and the substantive
requirements of NYSDEC and other agencies. This includes a standardized design,
promoting coordination among interested owners to reduce their costs through
economies of scale, and application of the CERCLA permit exemption. The EPA has
met with several property owners who are interested in replacing their properties’
bulkheads. It is expected that bulkhead replacement would be conducted under an
appropriate settlement agreement with EPA oversight.
The EPA believes that there are a moderate number of locations where bulkheads are
so deteriorated that they may fail when the temporary sheet-piling is removed after
dredging. In such cases, the EPA intends to cooperate with NYC on inspection and
enforcement of existing NYC bulkhead maintenance requirements and seek to reduce
costs for affected bulkhead owners through use of the EPA’s standardized approach
for design and construction.
While the EPA will continue working with all of the stakeholders, it recognizes that it is
not possible to insure that all of the bulkheads that need to be replaced will be
replaced. Therefore, some substandard bulkheads may still remain. If the continued
presence of such substandard bulkheads is judged to present a threat to the integrity of
the canal remedy, available CERCLA authorities and/or resources will be used as
necessary to ensure their repair.
90
STATUTORY DETERMINATIONS
Under CERCLA Section 121 and the NCP, the lead agency must select remedies that
are protective of human health and the environment, comply with ARARs (unless a
statutory waiver is justified), are cost-effective and utilize permanent solutions and
alternative treatment technologies or resource recovery technologies to the maximum
extent practicable. Section 121(b)(1) also establishes a preference for remedial
actions which employ treatment to permanently and significantly reduce the volume,
toxicity or mobility of the hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants at a site.
For the reasons discussed below, the EPA has determined that the selected remedy
meets these statutory requirements.
Protection of Human Health and the Environment
The selected remedy is expected to be protective of human health and the
environment. It will meet the RAOs by removing contaminated soft sediment and
capping with an active treatment layer to reduce and control the long-term risks
associated with the native sediment. Placing this type of active cap over the
contaminated native sediment remaining in the canal will significantly reduce exposure
to human and ecological receptors, thereby reducing and controlling toxicity to benthic
organisms and significantly reducing the risks to herbivorous birds. The cap will also
prevent direct contact with NAPL and prevent NAPL migration to the surface water of
the canal.50 Contingent upon the results of bench- and pilot-scale studies to determine
the most effective, implementable form of ISS within the canal, the implementation of
ISS in targeted areas is expected to provide additional protectiveness against NAPL
migration from the native sediment. In the event that an area of ISS is not fully
effective, the multilayer cap will provide a redundant level of protectiveness.
Implementation of the selected remedy will improve the surface water quality of the
Gowanus Canal by controlling and substantially eliminating sheens and preventing
contact of the surface water with the contaminated sediment.
The upland former MGP facility source controls (and other upland source areas) that
have been or are anticipated to be selected by NYSDEC are expected to be protective
of human health and the environment by controlling the primary source areas and
minimizing the migration pathways into the canal.
Implementation of source controls to address CSO-related releases of hazardous
50 If possible, the treatment layer would be designed to have an adequate life expectancy for
absorbing NAPL without replacement. If this is not feasible, the remedy may include the
replacement of portions of the treatment layer (replacing the treatment layer would also
necessitate the removal and replacement of the overlying sand and armor layers).
91
substances associated with contaminated CSO solids, beyond those currently being
implemented by NYCDEP, is necessary to provide overall protection of human health
and the environment. In particular, such controls are necessary to protect the integrity
of the canal remedy. By reducing discharges and accumulation of contaminated CSO
solids, contaminant concentrations in surface sediments after remedy implementation
are expected to meet the cleanup levels, which are considered protective of human
health and the environment. Absent additional controls, solids contaminated with
hazardous substances will continue to be discharged through the CSOs, affecting
sediments in the canal. In addition, absent controls, such solids will continue to adsorb
and concentrate any residual, uncontrolled hazardous substance releases, potentially
leading to an excursion of the cleanup levels.
Compliance with ARARs and Other Environmental Criteria
A summary of the ARARs and AOther Criteria, Advisories or Guidance TBCs@ that will
be complied with during implementation of the selected remedy are presented in Table
19.
Cost-Effectiveness
A cost-effective remedy is one whose costs are proportional to its overall effectiveness
(NCP '300.430(f)(1)(ii)(D)). Overall effectiveness is based on the evaluations of the
following: long-term effectiveness and permanence; reduction in toxicity, mobility and
volume through treatment, and short-term effectiveness. Based on the comparison of
overall effectiveness (discussed above) to cost, the selected remedy meets the
statutory requirement that Superfund remedies be cost-effective in that it is the least-
costly action alternative and will achieve the remediation goals in the same amount of
time in comparison to the more costly alternatives.
The relationship of the overall effectiveness of the selected remedy was determined to
be proportional to its costs and, hence, this remedy represents a reasonable value for
the money to be spent.
Each of the alternatives underwent a detailed cost analysis. In that analysis, capital
and annual O&M costs were estimated and used to develop present-worth costs. In
the present-worth cost analysis, annual O&M costs were calculated for the estimated
life of the groundwater alternatives using a 7% discount rate and a 30-year interval.
The estimated capital cost is $285,700,000. The estimated treatment and disposal
costs is $216,000,000. The estimated annual operation, maintenance and monitoring
costs (using the federal standard 7% discount rate and a 30-year interval) is
$4,400,000 (the cost includes O&M related to the in-line retention tanks). The
estimated present-worth cost is $503,700,000.
92
Utilization of Permanent Solutions and Alternative Treatment Technologies to
the Maximum Extent Practicable
The selected remedy provides the best balance of tradeoffs among the alternatives
with respect to the balancing criteria set forth in NCP '300.430(f)(1)(i)(B), such that it
represents the maximum extent to which permanent solutions and treatment
technologies can be utilized in a practicable manner at the Site.
Dredging of the contaminated soft sediments, targeted ISS of native sediment in areas
with potential for active upward NAPL migration from the native sediment and
stabilization and thermal treatment of the dredged sediments prior to off-Site disposal
provide a permanent remedy and employ treatment technologies to reduce the toxicity,
mobility and volume of the contaminants.
Preference for Treatment as a Principal Element
Elevated contaminant concentrations and visual evidence of the presence of NAPL
exist in the canal. The NAPL and contaminated sediments are mobile, at least when
disturbed, have high concentrations of toxic compounds and present significant risks.
Therefore, they are characterized as principal threat wastes. The EPA’s statutory
preference for treatment of principal threat materials has been considered as part of
this remedy. The selected remedy addresses source materials constituting principal
threats by thermally treating the NAPL-impacted sediments dredged from the upper
and mid-reaches of the canal, and through the application of ISS to targeted NAPL
areas of native sediment, thereby satisfying the preference for treatment.
Five-Year Review Requirements
Because this remedy will result in hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants
remaining on Site above levels that allow for unlimited use and unrestricted exposure
to Site media, a statutory review will be conducted within five years after initiation of
the remedial action. The five-year review will evaluate the results from monitoring
programs established as part of this remedy and developed during the design to
ensure that the remedy remains protective of human health and the environment.
DOCUMENTATION OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
During the public comment period, significant concerns were expressed about the
option of stabilizating the lesser contaminated sediments dredged from RTA 3 and then
placing them in an on-Site CDF. As a result of the concerns, this disposal option was
eliminated from consideration. These sediments will be disposed of in the same
manner as the RTA 1 non-NAPL impacted area sediments, utilizing Option D under
which the sediments will be stabilized off-Site and beneficially reused to the extent
93
possible.
Based upon suggestions made during the public comment period, the remedy will also
include the excavation and restoration of the portion of the 5th Street turning basin
beginning underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and extending approximately 25 feet to
the east and the installation of a barrier or interception system at the eastern boundary
of the excavation. This parcel is a small part of an area that was previously referred
by the EPA to NYSDEC for investigation as an additional upland source area.
References
AECOM Consultants. 2009. Background Sediment Statistical Evaluation, Appendix O
to Remedial Investigation East 21st Street Works Operable Unit 2 Site No. V00536.
July 2009
Brown Marine Consulting. 2000. Gowanus Canal Bulkhead Inventory Survey. Prepared
for Gowanus Canal Community Development Corporation. July 2000.
Brown, J.S., E.D. Stein, D. Ackerman, J.H. Dorsey, J. Lyon and P.M. Carter. 2011.
Metals and Bacteria Partitioning to Various Size Particles in Ballona Creek Stormwater
Runoff. pp. 48-60 in: Kenneth Schiff and Karlene Miller (eds.), Southern California
Coastal Water Research Project 2011 Annual Report. Southern California Coastal
Water Research Project. Costa Mesa, CA.
Burgess, R.M. 2009. Evaluating Ecological Risk to Invertebrate Receptors from PAHs
in Sediments at Hazardous Waste Sites. EPA/600/R-06/162F. October 2009.
Engstrom, A.M. 2004. Characterizing Water Quality of Urban Stormwater Runoff:
Interactions of Heavy Metals and Solids in Seattle Residential Catchments. Thesis,
Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle,
Washington. 117 pp.
EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 1997. Ecological Risk Assessment
Guidance for Superfund: Process for Designing and Conducting Ecological Risk
Assessments. Interim Final. OSWER 9285.7-25, EPA/540/R-97/006. June 1997.
EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 1998. Sediment Quality of the NY/NJ
Harbor System. EPA/902-R-98-001. March 1998.
EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2003. Procedures for the Derivation of
Equilibrium Partitioning Sediment Benchmarks (ESBs) for the Protection of Benthic
Organisms: PAH Mixtures. EPA-600-R-02-013. Office for Research and Development.
94
Washington DC.
EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2003a. Human Health Toxicity Values in
Superfund Risk Assessments, OSWER 9285.7-53, December 5, 2003.
EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2013. Ebullition and NAPL Migration,
2013.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.) 2005. Final Remedial Investigation Report, Carroll
Gardens/Public Place, Brooklyn, New York, VCA Index No. A2-0460-0502; Site
No.V00360-2. October 2005.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2007. Draft Remedial Investigation Technical Report,
Gowanus Canal, Brooklyn, New York, ACO Index No. A2-0523-0705. April 2007.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2011. Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Winter
Summary Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, EPA ID No.
NYN000206222. Prepared for National Grid. October.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2012a. Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Summer
Summary Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, EPA ID No.
NYN000206222. Prepared for National Grid. July.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2012b. Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Spring
Summary Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, EPA ID No.
NYN000206222. Prepared for National Grid. December.
Grant, S.B., N. Rekhi, N. Pice, R. Reeves, M. Matsumoto, A. Wistrom. L. Moussa, S.
Bay and M. Kayhanian. A review of the Contaminants and Toxicity Associated with
Particles in Stormwater Runoff. Prepared for the California Department of
Transportation, Sacramento, CA. 2003.
Hwang, H. and G.D. Foster. Characterization of Polycyclic aromatic Hydrocarbons in
Urban Stormwater Runoff Flowing into the Tidal Anacostia River, Washington, DC,
USA. Environmental Pollution (140), 416-426. 2005.
Hunter Research, Inc. Final Report National Register of Historic Places Eligibility
Evaluation and Cultural Resources Assessment for the Gowanus Canal , Borough of
Brooklyn, Kings County, New York in Connection with the Proposed Ecosystem
Restoration Study. Prepared by Hunter Research, Rabner Associates and Northern
Ecological Associates, December 2004.
New York City Department of Environmental Protection. 2007. Receiving Water Quality
95
Monitoring Report, Volume 4, Gowanus Canal. September 2007.
New York City Department of Environmental Protection. 2008b. NYCDEP Shoreline
Survey Report. NYC Department of Environmental Protection. March 2008.
New York City Department of Environmental Protection. 2008a. Gowanus Canal
Waterbody/Watershed Facility Plan Report. NYC Department of Environmental
Protection, Bureau of Engineering Design and Construction. City-Wide Long Term
CSO Control Planning Project. August 2008.
New York City Department of Environmental Protection. 2012. Guidelines for the
Design and Construction of Stormwater Management Systems. July 2012.
New York City Department of Environmental Protection. 2013. Amphipod Data Report
2013.
Reible, Danny. In Situ Sediment Remediation Through Capping: Status and Research
Needs. Invited Paper/Presentation for SERDP Workshop on Research Needs in
Contaminated Sediments (Proceedings Published October 2004).
Sale, Tom/Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Colorado State
University, Fort Collins. 2011. Personal communication with Jeff Gentry/CH2M HILL.
January 1, 2011.
Stein, Eric D. et al., “Watershed-Based Sources of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons
in Urban Stormwater,” Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry, Vol. 25, No. 2, pp.
373–385, 2006.
Viana, Priscilla, Ke Yin, Xiuhong Zhao and Karl Rockne. 2007b. Active Sediment Capping for
Pollutant Mixtures: Control of Biogenic Gas Production Under Highly Intermittent Flows--Land
Contamination & Reclamation. 15(4), 413-42. June 2007.
96


GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
Brooklyn, New York
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT PLAN
U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
REGION 2
Table of Contents
Section 1: Overview of the Community Involvement Plan 4
Gowanus Canal Superfund site map 5
Section 2: Site Description
Location 6
Early History 6
Site History From 1867 to 2010 7
Site Contamination 9
Section 3: Community Profile
Population 10
Neighborhoods
Red Hook 10
Carroll Gardens 10
Park Slope 10
Cobble Hill 11
Gowanus 11
Environmental Justice 11
Section 4: Community Issues and Concerns
Environmental 13
Human Health 13
Land Use and Development 14
Archeological Preservation 15
Population Growth 15
Technical Information 15
Employment 15
Environmental Justice 15
Section 5: Community Involvement Action Plan
Fact Sheets, handouts and flyers 17
Community Meetings 18
Web Site 18
Information Repository and Administrative Record 18
Mailing List 18
E-mail Group 18
Proposed Plan 19
Responsiveness Summary for the Proposed Plan Comment Period 19
Comment Periods 19
Public Notices 19
Press Releases/Media contacts 19
Technical Documents 19
Technical Assistance Grant (TAG) 20
Table of Contents (continued)
Community Advisory Group (CAG) 21
Social Media 21
Appendix A EPA Regional Contacts 22
Appendix B Federal Contacts 23
Appendix C State Elected Officals 24
Appendix D New York City Officals 25
Appendix E Information Repositories and EPA Web Information 26
Appendix F Media Contacts 27
3
Section 1: Overview of the Community Involvement Plan
EPA developed this Community Involvement Plan to facilitate two-way communication
between the community surrounding the Gowanus Canal Superfund Site and the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), as well as to encourage community involvement in
site activities. EPA will utilize the community involvement activities outlined in this plan to
ensure that residents are continuously informed and provided opportunities to be involved.
This Community Involvement Plan addresses the Gowanus Canal’s relationship to the
community and EPA, provides a background of the community, presents EPA’s community
involvement program, and provides a listing of resources available. EPA drew upon several
information sources to develop this plan, including communicating with community
members and site files. EPA’s Regional Office will oversee the implementation of the
community involvement activities outlined in this Plan.
4
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site Map
5
Section 2: Site Description
Location
The Gowanus Canal is a 100-foot wide, 1.8-mile
long canal located in the New York City borough of
Brooklyn, Kings County, New York. The canal is
connected to Gowanus Bay in Upper New York
Bay. The canal is surrounded by several residential
neighborhoods: Gowanus, Cobble Hill, Carroll
Gardens, Park Slope, and Red Hook.
There are five bridge crossings over the canal,
located at Union Street, Carroll Street, Third Street,
Ninth Street, and Hamilton Avenue, the Gowanus
Expressway and the Culver Viaduct of the New
York City Subway.
Source: Community Board 6
Early history
The Gowanus Canal was originally a tidal creek in the
saltwater marsh of western Brooklyn. Local legend has
it that Dutch farmers named the tidal creek Gowanes
Creek after Chief Gouwane of the local Lenape tribe.
The Gowanus wetlands provided ideal habitat for many
species of fish and other wildlife, of note were the large
oysters that flourished in the brackish water of the
creek. In fact it was the Gowanus oyster that became
one of the first exports to Europe by Dutch settlers.
In 1776, the Gowanus Creek played a role in
the first major battle between the British army
and American forces of the Revolutionary
War. During the Battle of Brooklyn,
American troops from Maryland held off
British forces at the Old Stone House long
enough to allow George Washington to retreat
across Gowanus Creek. The Marylanders
suffered heavy losses and 256 soldiers were
buried in a field, the gravesite is located at
present day Third Avenue between 7th and 8th
Streets.
Lord Stirling leading an attack against the British at the Old Stone House
6
Site History from 1867 to 2010
By the mid 1800’s the City of Brooklyn
had become the third largest city in
America. Starting in 1867, the
Gowanus Canal was bulk-headed and
dredged in order to create a passageway
that would allow access for industrial
needs. The canal was completed in
1869, it soon became one of the
nation’s busiest waterways, supporting
manufactured gas plants (MGPs), paint
and ink factories, coal yards, cement
makers, soap makers, tanneries,
machine shops, chemical plants, and oil
refineries.
Untreated industrial wastes, raw
sewage, and surface water emptied into
1766 map of Brooklyn showing original footprint of the Gowanus
the canal and continued for decades
resulting in the canal becoming one of New York’s most polluted waterways. Although
much of the industrial activity along the canal has stopped, high contaminant levels remain in
the sediments. Despite this pollution, some city inhabitants still use the 100-foot-wide, 1.8
mile long canal for recreation, such as canoeing and diving, while others catch fish at the
Canal for recreation and consumption.
Gowauns Canal built in 1869 over the original tidal estuary
7
In 1911, New York City
built a "Flushing Tunnel" to
replace the stagnant water
in the canal with fresh,
oxygen-rich water that
would improve water
quality. The tunnel, which
brought water in from
Buttermilk Channel,
worked until the 1960s,
when mechanical failure
caused it to shut down and
the canal became polluted
Gowanus Canal Flushing Tunnel and Pump Station
and stagnant again.
The New York City Department of Environmental Protection (NYCDEP) subsequently
restored and reactivated the Flushing Tunnel in 1999. In 2010, the Flushing Tunnel was shut
down by NYCDEP to perform facility improvements. This effort includes the installation of
more efficient pumping systems. Completion of the effort is anticipated by September 2014.
The reconstruction of the Gowanus Wastewater Pump Station, which began in February
2010, will increase the pumping capacity to deliver sewage to the Red Hook wastewater
treatment plant.
Sampling results have shown
that sediments in the
Gowanus Canal are
contaminated with a variety
of pollutants, including
polycyclic aromatic
hydrocarbons (PAHs),
volatile organic compounds
(VOCs), polychlorinated
biphenyls (PCBs), pesticides,
and metals.
Many of the detected
Heavy industrial usage of the Gowanus Canal contaminants are known
carcinogens. The
contaminated sediments pose
an immediate risk to the
fishery located just
Industrial activity along the Gowanus Canal
downstream of the canal in
8
Gowanus Bay. This fishery is well
documented, and fish caught there are
consumed. Residents have a very high level
of interest in the Gowanus Canal. Many
community groups actively supported placing
the Gowanus on the NPL.
In April 2009, EPA proposed that the
Gowanus Canal be placed on the National
Priorities List (NPL). The NPL is a published
list of hazardous waste sites in the country
that are eligible for extensive, long-term
clean-up actions under the Superfund
program. The site was listed on the NPL on
Manufactured Gas Plant at the Gowanus Canal
March 4, 2010. EPA has identified several
Potential Responsible Parties (PRPs) and is actively searching for additional PRPs.
Site Contamination
The sediments in the Gowanus Canal are contaminated with a variety of pollutants, including
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), pesticides, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs),
volatile organic contaminants (VOAs), and metals. PAH concentrations were found to be as
high as 45,000 milligrams per kilogram (4.5%) and the contamination was found along the
entire length of the canal. Many of the detected contaminants are known carcinogens. These
contaminated sediments pose an immediate threat to the fisheries that are located downstream
of the canal in the Gowanus Bay.
Contaminants in the canal have been deposited
Gowanus Canal Timeline
in the canal as a result of current and historical
discharge. High PAH concentrations are found  1867~1869: Gowanus Canal built.
in coal tar waste adjacent to the three former  1911~ 1960’s: New York City builds
MGP sites along the canal. PAHs and metals “Flushing Tunnel” to bring freshwater from
are the most prevalent contaminants detected in Buttermilk Channel to improve water quality.
present-day combined sewer outfalls (CSO)  1999: Flushing Tunnel restored and
discharges to the canal, as well as in low reactivated
volume discharges from a limited number of  2008: New York State Department of
other outfalls. PAHs and metals are also Environmental Conservation requests EPA
present in various concentrations in nominate the Gowanus Canal to the NPL
contaminated groundwater discharging to the
 2009: EPA proposes the Gowanus Canal for
canal at different locations. Contaminated sites
listing on the NPL
adjacent to the canal and discharges from
 2010: EPA places the Gowanus Canal on the
outfalls represent ongoing sources of
NPL.
contamination to the canal.
9
Section 3: Community Profile
The Gowanus Canal Superfund site is located in Brooklyn Community District 6 (CD6),
which encompasses the neighborhoods of Carroll Gardens, Cobble Hill, Columbia Street
District, Gowanus, Park Slope and Red Hook.
Population
Based on 2010 Census data, the New York City Department of City Planning report shows
that the total population of CD6 is 104,709 residents, 47,188 households and 50,268 housing
units. The percentage of the population 18 years and over was 80.4%.
Of the 47,188 households in CD6, 49% were family households, 25% had children under the
age of 18 living with them and 16% were households with one or more persons 65 years and
over. The average number family size was 2.93 and the average household size was 2.19.
Neighborhoods
Red Hook
Red Hook is a mixed neighborhood, combining residential areas of both low and high
density with light to heavy areas of industry and manufacturing zones. The
community is a peninsula that is surrounded by the Gowanus Bay, Erie Basin, and
Buttermilk Channel. Red Hook is traditionally known as a waterfront community and
still retains much of its working class characteristics. A majority of the population
lives in the Red Hook Houses (east and west clusters) that were completed in 1938 as a
Federal Works Project. (Source: Community Board 6- City of New York)
Carroll Gardens
Carroll Gardens is primarily a residential community with a large Italian community, a
historical remnant of the wave of Italians who immigrated in the first part of the 20th
century. Carroll Gardens is bordered by the Gowanus Canal, regional transportation
throughways such as the Gowanus Expressway, and Cobble Hill. Carroll Park is the
main public space, recreational, and sport area for the community, which caters to both
the young and adult population. Organized softball fields bocce leagues, along with
community events and childcare programs can be found in the park. Recently, the
community finished construction on a grassy ball field at DiMattina Park. (Source:
Community Board 6- City of New York)
Park Slope
Park Slope is the largest neighborhood of the five Community District 6 communities.
Some of the nation’s best examples of brownstone homes from the late 19th century,
along with Brooklyn’s largest historic district, are in Park Slope. In recent years, the
neighborhood has seen a substantial increase in the number of high end retail shops,
along with gourmet restaurants, along 5th and 7th avenue, in the heart of the
community. Much like Carroll Gardens, the community of Park Slope has become an
activist for environmental and civic causes. The community is also host to one of the
10
largest recycling campaigns in the city and leads the in innovative waste management
techniques. (Source: Community Board 6- City of New York)
Cobble Hill
Cobble Hill has historically been a residential enclave for professionals. Nearly the
entire neighborhood centers and is included in the Cobble Hill Historical District
where the preservation of the early 19th century brownstone homes has been extremely
successful. A large segment of the community is senior citizens, many of which live in
the Cobble Hill Health Center. The main park for the community is Cobble Hill Park,
which is mostly restive recreation. However, more active recreation for the youth
occurs at the three vest-pocket parks that are owned by the Long Island College
Hospitals. Ongoing concerns for the community, like many of district, amount to
traffic overflows, noise, and air pollution from the construction on the Gowanus
Expressway. (Source: Community Board 6- City of New York)
Gowanus
Soon after the completion of the Gowanus Canal in the 1860s, the area surrounding the
waterway became a thriving manufacturing market mostly reliant on the barge service.
However, after the increased use of trucks and the construction of the Gownaus
Express shortly after World War II, the canal began a slow and steady decline. With
the revamping of the Gowanus Flushing Tunnel and Pump station in 1999, however, a
breath of new life has reached the Gowanus community, though many remnants of
neglect still remain. Many streets and buildings surrounding the canal are in fair-to-
poor condition, and dead end streets many times act as a magnet for unwelcome
activities, such as illegal dumping. Still, hopes remain to attract the community back
towards the canal, thereby increasing recreation and street beautification activities.
(Source: Community Board 6- City of New York)
Environmental Justice
EPA defines environmental justice (EJ) as the fair treatment and meaningful involvement of
all people regardless of race, color, national origin, or income with respect to the
development, implementation, and enforcement of environmental laws, regulations, and
policies.
Fair treatment means that no group of people should bear a disproportionate share of

the negative environmental consequences resulting from industrial, governmental and
commercial operations or policies.
Meaningful involvement means that:

people have an opportunity to participate in decisions about activities that may

affect their environment and/or health;
the public’s contribution can influence the regulatory agency’s decision;

their concerns will be considered in the decision making process; and

11
the decision makers seek out and facilitate the involvement of those potentially

affected
By using readily available environmental and demographic information EPA conducts EJ
screening to highlight areas within a community where disproportionate environmental and
health impacts may fall on a low-income and/or racial minority group. EPA’s tool for
conducting this initial community characterization is called EJSCREEN.
In the case of the Gowanus Canal Superfund site, EPA Region 2 examined the environmental
character of the communities within 1500 meters of the site. EPA looked at the
environmental impacts currently faced by communities with EJ concerns within the study
area. Several environmental indicators were assessed including exposure to air pollutants,
lead paint, and exposure to site related contaminants through the consumption of
contaminated fish.
Subsistence fishing takes place along the Columbia Street pier, in Red Hook. The
consumption of fish impacted by contamination from the Gowanus Canal superfund site does
add an additional environmental burden to communities with EJ concerns. Cleaning up the
Gowanus Canal will greatly reduce the impact of contamination on these fish thereby
lowering the environmental burden borne by subsistence fishing.
12
Section 4: Community Issues and Concerns
Residents in the communities (Gowanus, Red Hook, Carroll Gardens, Cobble Hill and Park
Slope) have a wide range of knowledge about issues pertaining to the Gowanus Canal.
Community concerns fell into primarily these categories: 1) Environmental, 2) Human
Health, 3) Land Use and Development, 4) Archeological Preservation, 5) Population Growth
6) Technical Information, 7) Employment Opportunities and 8) Environmental Justice.
1) Environmental
The Gowanus Canal has been a highly contaminated water body in this community for
several decades. Residents voiced a variety of environmental concerns regarding the canal
and clean up.
 CSOs should be addressed as part of a comprehensive cleanup of the canal.
 Water quality should be included as a part of the remediation efforts.
 Any remedy implemented at the canal should ensure that recontamination does not
occur as a result of CSO and upland sources.
 EPA should consider the impact of sea level rise as part of any remedy.
 A long-term goal in remediating the canal should be to make it fishable and
swimmable.
 EPA should consider creating soft edges along the length of the canal thereby, creating
wetlands.
 The canal should be cleaned up completely for the betterment of the environment.
 Toxins form the sediment in the canal could become worse as a result of disturbing
them through remediation.
 Cleanup of the canal should not result in an inequitable distribution of the
environmental burden to neighborhoods along the canal
 EPA should consider the impact of hurricanes on the implementation of the remedy.
 Residents in Red Hook expressed concerns that the sediment in the lower portion of
the canal may have increased in toxicity post-Hurricane Sandy.
 Concerns were raised that placing a confined disposal facility in a flood zone could
increase the risk of environmental disaster for Red Hook.
2) Human Health
The Gowanus Canal is located in a well-populated residential, mixed use and industrial
section of Brooklyn. Residents bike, walk and jog across the bridges that traverse the canal
at Union Street, Carroll Street, 3rd Street and 9th Street. Individuals also canoe; kayak and
scuba dive in the Canal. Many individuals voiced concerns about the possible health effects
from contamination in the canal.
 Residents would like EPA to conduct a health study to determine the long-term health
effects of living near the canal.
13
 Concerns were expressed regarding the health impact of exposure to canal
contaminants through recreational use of the canal (e.g. canoeing, kayaking diving,
etc.).
 Residents indicated that they were concerned about the potential health impact of
exposure to site related contaminants due to flooding.
 Concerns were expressed regarding the health impact of exposure to canal
contaminants through fishing and consumption of fish.
 Residents are concerned about the potential of a higher risk of exposure to site related
contaminants by living in close proximity to the canal.
 Community representatives are concerned about cancer incidence in the neighborhood
and the possible link with the canal.
 Concerns were expressed about non-cancer risks that the canal could pose (e.g.
hepatitis and scoliosis).
 Community residents are concerned about the impact of the clean up on air quality
(odors), noise levels, and general health impacts on residents.
 Residents would like EPA to implement real time air monitoring at dewatering sites
and to make this information available to the public.
 Concerns were expressed about the health and environmental impacts of siting a
confined disposal facility adjacent to the Red Hook ball fields.
3) Land Use and Development
Many various properties abut the canal; the majority are industrial, commercial and
manufacturing. However, several lots along the canal have been re-classified as residential
and further development along the canal and adjoining areas is expected.
 There was concern that the length of time it would take to remediate the canal would
have a negative impact on development along the canal.
 Residents were concerned about the impact of the upland development on any remedy
EPA implements at the Canal.
 Concerns were expressed that lenders might become reluctant to provide funding for
purchases or renovations of properties near the canal due to remediation efforts.
 Placing the Gowanus Canal on the superfund list would have a negative impact on
property values.
 Concerns were expressed that cleanup of the canal should take place before
development should move forward.
 Concerns were expressed that cleaning the canal would result in increased residential
development along the canal.
 There are fears that cleaning the canal would result in displacing industrial/commercial
businesses from Gowanus and relocating them in Red Hook.
 Concerns were expressed about how development along the canal could impact the
implementation of the cleanup plan.
14
 Concerns were expressed that constructing a CDF or dewatering facility at the
Gowanus Bay Terminal site could have a negative impact on the community’s ability
to implement flood mitigation.
4) Archeological Preservation
The New York State Historic Preservation Office found the Gowanus Canal Historic District
eligible for the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Concerns were expressed about the impact of remediation of the canal on existing
archeological artifacts in the canal, including the original bulkheads and any
potentially submerged cultural resources.
 Dredging the canal may uncover important artifacts, (possibly the lost Marylanders
burial site); EPA needs to preserve these cultural resources.
5) Population Growth
The neighborhoods of Gowanus, Cobble Hill, Park Slope, Red Hook and Carroll Gardens are
seeing an increase in population. Several multi-unit residential properties have been built in
these communities. Many individuals expressed concerns about the increased population
density and its impact on the Gowanus Canal.
 Concerns were expressed with regard to the population increase and its impact on the
canal cleanup with respect to increased sewer discharge volume.
 With an increase of residential properties along the canal, EPA needs to consider the
impact of the implementation of the remedy on the individuals living in close
proximity to the site.
6) Technical Information
EPA is responsible for communicating complex technical information to a wide audience.
Individuals expressed their position on how they would like the information to be shared.
 Complex technical principles should be (as much as possible) expressed in simple
terms
 Photographs, graphic representations and visual aids should be used in technical
presentations.
 EPA should consider conducting technical workshops to explain complex site related
principles in an informal setting.
7) Employment
 EPA should work toward providing employment opportunities for residents during the
construction of and operation of the remedy
8) Environmental Justice
 EPA’s outreach efforts should also target Communities with EJ concerns in public
15
housing
 Outreach material should be provided in other languages (Spanish, Mandarin,
Russian)
 EPA should ensure equal opportunity and access to site related information
16
Section 5: Community Involvement Action Plan
This section describes the specific activities and resources that EPA will use to help the
community be actively involved in the cleanup process. Whenever EPA begins work on a
site, it identifies a point of contact for community questions, issues or concerns. The two
primary points of contact for the Gowanus Canal are:
Christos Tsiamis
Remedial Project Manager
U.S. EPA, Region 2
290 Broadway
New York, NY 10007-1866
212-637-4257
tsiamis.christos@epa.gov
Natalie Loney
Community Involvement Coordinator
US EPA Region 2
290 Broadway
New York, NY 10007-1866
212 637-3639 or 800 346-5009
loney.natalie@epa.gov
In addition to providing an EPA representative to answer questions, EPA uses other tools and
techniques to support the community’s involvement in EPA’s work.
1. Fact Sheets, handouts and flyers
Fact sheets are one of EPA’s principal methods of providing site-related information to the
community. They are short (2-4 pages) documents, written in non-technical language that can
be e-mailed directly to the site’s mailing list, posted on the Gowanus webpage, mailed
directly to residents or provided at meetings. They often summarize larger, technical
documents. They include EPA contact information and refer people to the site related
webpage or site repository for more technical information. EPA will create fact sheets as
events dictate or in response to community requests for specific kinds of information.
Flyers are 1-page notices that are generally used to announce meetings. EPA e-mails and/or
mails flyers to the Gowanus e-mail list, posts them to the webpage, and also places them as
display ads in local papers
17
2. Community Meetings
EPA holds public meetings at various milestones and at the request of the community. The
public information meetings are organized to convey Site information via presentations and
discussions, and to answer questions from community members. Each meeting will be
structured to fit its purpose by using different formats (e.g. town hall meetings, open houses,
informal roundtables, PowerPoint presentations, etc.).
3. Web Site
EPA has created a website specifically for this Site. The website includes electronic copies of
EPA’s investigation documents and will be one location for viewing the proposed cleanup
plans as they are developed. EPA will update the webpage on a regular basis. The website for
the Gowanus Canal is located at:
http://www.epa.gov/region2/superfund/npl/gowanus/
4. Information Repository and Administrative Record
EPA maintains a local public site file, which is called the “Information Repository.”
The Information Repository contains hardcopies of major site documents, fact sheets
and other relevant items. Electronic copies on compact disk are also available at the
repository. EPA has established two information repositories for the Gowanus Canal
Superfund site. They are located at:
Carroll Gardens Library Red Hook Library
396 Clinton Street 7 Wolcott St. at Dwight St.
Brooklyn, NY 11231 Brooklyn, NY 11231
When EPA is ready to formally propose a cleanup action, it collects every document
that was used to develop and analyze the proposed action. This collection of technical
documents is called the Administrative Record, and it is placed in both information
repositories.
5. Mailing List
EPA maintains a mailing list for distribution of fact sheets and meeting notices. To be
added or deleted from the mailing list, contact Natalie Loney, Community Involvement
Coordinator, loney.natalie@epa.gov or call 212-637-3639.
6. E-mail Group
EPA maintains an e-mail list for electronic distribution of fact sheets, meeting notes, and
periodic site updates. To be added or deleted from the mailing list, contact Natalie Loney (see
above).
18
7. Proposed Plan
When EPA is ready to formally propose a cleanup plan, it creates a special document called a
Proposed Plan. The Proposed Plan summarizes the contamination that has been found,
compares the various ways that the contamination can be cleaned up, and identifies one
preferred alternative that EPA thinks balances all considerations. This is the most important
time for community input.
EPA distributes the Proposed Plan to its mailing list, holds a minimum 30-day public
comment period and conducts a public meeting where the Proposed Plan is discussed and
public comments are taken.
8. Responsiveness Summary for the Proposed Plan Comment Period
When EPA makes a final decision about which cleanup methods it will use, it creates a
document that explains how it has addressed the public comments that were received during
the comment period. This document is called a Responsiveness Summary, and it is a part of
EPA’s decision document called the Record of Decision.
9. Comment Periods
EPA holds public comment period for certain documents. Sometimes the comment periods
are less formal and not required, but nonetheless EPA wants to get the community’s
thoughts. These comments periods may be announced in several ways, including a notice in a
fact sheet, an announcement at a public meeting or through the email list.
10. Public Notices
For those who are not on the site’s mailing list, EPA will announce community meetings and
formal comment periods in a display advertisement in the main section of The Brooklyn
Paper, Courier Life and the Red Hook Star Revue.
11. Press Releases/Media contacts
EPA will provide press releases and develop media contacts with the following newspapers:
The Brooklyn Eagle, New York Times, Daily News, New York Post, Courier Post and the
Red Hook Star Revue.
12. Technical Documents
Most of the community residents had environmental and health concerns. They wanted a
clear picture of the contamination at the site and how EPA planned to address those areas
through some cleanup effort. The answers to those many of those questions will be in the
technical documents that EPA will produce as part of its investigation and cleanup process.
The major documents will include a summary suitable for a general audience. EPA will also
mail out a summary of some documents as a fact sheet. Below is a listing and short
19
description of those documents that will be developed over the course of the Superfund
cleanup process.
• Remedial Investigation Report (RI): The overall purpose of the RI is to identify the nature
and extent of contaminants, migration pathways of the contaminants, and potential
threats to human and ecological receptors in the study area. The remedial investigation
is usually done with the feasibility study. Together they are often referred to as the
“RI/FS.”
• Cultural Resources and Historic Building Survey: A report that includes archival research,
an historic building survey, and an intensive pedestrian cultural resources survey of the
Superfund Site. The purpose of this report is to provide an inventory and assessment of
cultural resources that might be affected by the Superfund cleanup.
• Biological Evaluation: This report contains an ecological habitat survey of the Site and a
benthic invertebrate survey of the Gowanus Canal.
• Human Health Risk Assessment (HHRA): This document provides a qualitative and
quantitative evaluation of the current and potential risks posed to human health by the
presence of Site contaminants. Risk assessments evaluate both the carcinogenic risks
and non-carcinogenic risks to human health from Site contaminants.
• Feasibility Study (FS): A report that identifies cleanup objectives and alternatives to meet
those objectives, and evaluates each alternative using the first seven of EPA’s nine
criteria which are: protection of human health and environment; compliance with
applicable or relevant and appropriate requirements (ARARs); long-term effectiveness
and permanence; reduction of toxicity, mobility or volume through treatment; short-
term effectiveness; implementability; cost; state acceptance; and community
acceptance. The evaluation of State and community acceptance criteria is completed
after the receipt of public comments during the 30-day comment period for the
Proposed Plan.
• Record of Decision: A public document that explains which cleanup methods, actions,
tools and/or techniques will be used at the Site, including the residual contamination
levels (if any) and any restrictions on future land use (where waste is left in place).
• Remedial Design: The development of engineering drawings and specifications for a site
cleanup. This phase follows the remedial investigation/feasibility study. A fact sheet
may be distributed when the design work is at 70% complete.
15. Technical Assistance Grant (TAG)
A TAG is a federal grant awarded to an incorporated nonprofit organization of community
members affected by the site. It is used to fund an environmental professional to provide an
20
independent technical review of cleanup documents. An initial grant up to $50,000 is
available to help the community understand technical information about their site.
16. Community Advisory Group (CAG)
A CAG is a self-forming, self-governing stakeholder group that meets periodically, but
regularly, to learn about EPA’s cleanup process, discusses their issues and concerns, and
provides feedback to EPA. EPA is able to provide support to the CAG by attending the
meetings, and providing technical support. (For more information on CAG’s go to:
www.epa.gov/superfund/community/cag/index.htm)
A CAG has been formed at the Gowanus Canal superfund site. The Gowanus CAG has
established a webpage for Gowanus related information at:
www.gowanuscag.org
In addition, CAG meeting minutes can be accessed at:
www.epa.gov/region2/superfund/npl/gowanus/cag.html
17. Social Media
In addition to more traditional methods of disseminating information EPA is also using social
media to share site related information with the public. As such EPA created a Gowanus
Canal Group Facebook page:
www.facebook.com/groups/195975002802/
The group page serves as a way for EPA to share information with the public and for the
public to raise and discuss issues related to the Gowanus Canal. In addition, the agency
utilizes Twitter to announce public meetings and major milestones regarding the Gowanus
Canal.
21
Appendix A
EPA Regional Contacts
Christos Tsiamis
Remedial Project Manager
U.S. EPA, Region 2
Tel: 212-637-4257
tsiamis.christos@epa.gov
Natalie Loney
Community Involvement Coordinator
US EPA Region 2
290 Broadway
New York, NY 10007-1866
Tel: 212 637-3639 or 800 346-5009
loney.natalie@epa.gov
George H. Zachos
Superfund Regional Public Liaison
US EPA Region 2
2890 Woodbridge Ave
Edison, NJ 08837
888-283-7626 or 732-321-6621
732-906-6182
zachos.george@epa.gov
22
Appendix B
Federal Contacts
Senator Chuck Schumer
New York City Office
780 Third Avenue
Suite 2301
New York, NY 10017
212-486-4430
Senator Kristen Gillibrand
New York City Office
780 Third Avenue, Suite 2601
New York, New York 10017
212-688-6262
Congresswoman Nydia M. Velazquez
266 Broadway, Suite 201
Brooklyn, NY 11211
718-599-3658
23
Appendix C
State Elected Officials
The Honorable Andrew M. Cuomo
Governor of New York State
NYS State Capitol Building
Albany, NY 12224
518-474-8390
New York State Senator
Velmanette Montgomery
30 Third Avenue, Suite 207
Brooklyn, NY 11217
United States
718-643-6140
montgome@nysenate.gov
New York State Assemblyman
Felix Ortiz
4907 4th Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11201
718-492-6334
ortizf@nyassembly.gov
New York State Assemblywoman
Jo Anne Simon
341 Smith Street
Brooklyn, NY 11231
718-246-4889
simonj@nyassembly.gov
24
Appendix D
New York City Officials
New York City Mayor
Bill deBlasio
City Hall
New York, NY 10007
212-NEW-YORK
http://www1.nyc.gov/office-of-the-mayor/contact-the-mayor.page
Brooklyn Borough President
Eric Adams
Brooklyn Borough Hall
209 Joralemon Street
Brooklyn, New York 11201
718-802-3700
askeric@brooklynbp.nyc.gov
Council Member - Brad Lander
District Office
456 5th Ave
Brooklyn, NY 11215
718-499-1090
lander@council.nyc.gov
Council Member – Stephen Levin
District Office
410 Atlantic Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11217
718-875-5200
levin@council.nyc.gov
Council Member – Carlos Menchaca
District Office
5601 5th Ave S-2
Brooklyn, NY 11220
718-439-9012
menchaca@council.nyc.gov
25
26
Appendix E
Information Repositories and EPA Web Site
Carroll Gardens Library
396 Clinton Street
Brooklyn, NY 11231
Red Hook Library
7 Wolcott St. at Dwight St.
Brooklyn, NY 11231
EPA- Region 2 Superfund Records Center
290 Broadway, 18th Floor
New York, NY 10007
EPA Gowanus web site:
www.epa.gov/region2/superfund/npl/gowanus
27
Appendix F
Media Contacts
The Brooklyn Paper
One Metrotech Center, Suite 1001
Brooklyn, NY 11201
(718) 260-2500
Courier Life
One Metrotech Center, Suite 1001
Brooklyn, NY 11201
(718) 260-2500
Red Hook Star-Revue
101 Union Street
Brroklyn, NY 11231
(718) 624-5568
28


Geotechnical
Environmental and
Water Resources
Engineering
Gowanus Canal
Ecological Investigation Report
Submitted to:
National Grid (formerly KeySpan Corporation)
287 Maspeth Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11211
Submitted by:
GEI Consultants, Inc.
Chadwick Ecological Division
5575 S. Sycamore Street, Suite 101
Littleton, CO 80120
December 2009
Project #: 093010-2-1204
Table of Contents
1.0 Introduction 1
1.1 Gowanus Canal – A Class SD Waterbody 1
1.2 Ecotoxicology Study Approach 2
2.0 General Methods 4
2.1 2006 Sediment Data 4
2.2 2006 Water Quality Data 4
2.3 2005 Sediment Data 5
2.4 Outfall Water Quality Data 5
2.5 Sediment Toxicity Tests 5
2.6 Biological Data 5
2.7 Data Quality Assurance and Quality Control 6
2.8 Statistical Analyses 6
3.0 Evaluation of Potential Ecotoxicological Impacts 7
3.1 Sediment Quality 7
3.1.1 Sediment Benchmark Exceedances 8
3.2 Evaluation of potential sediment contamination sources 10
3.3 Water Quality 13
3.3.1 Water Quality Exceedances 15
3.4 Analysis Limitations 18
4.0 Evaluation of Sediment Toxicity 20
5.0 Evaluation of the Aquatic Biological Populations 23
5.1 Benthic Community 23
5.2 Epibenthic Community 25
5.3 Fish and Crab Community 25
5.4 Analyses of Trends in the Benthic Community 27
5.4.1 Cluster Analyses 27
5.5 Comparison to Gowanus Canal “Flushing Tunnel Study” 30
5.5.1 Comparisons to Other Regional Benthic Community Studies 32
5.6 Comparisons to Sediment Contaminants 39
6.0 Summary and Conclusions 41
7.0 References 43
GEI Consultants, Inc. i December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
List of Tables
Table 1: Paired effluent/sediment data summary and regression results. Numbers in
parentheses indicate the number of paired observations for each contaminant. The
pooled slope = 0.6310* (95% CI = 0.5109 - 0.7512).
Table 2: Class SD standards, guidance values, and narrative standards used to derive percent
exceedance and Toxicity Quotients.
Table 3: Summary of the amphipod Ampelisca abdita sediment toxicity test results, initial test
sediment pore water ammonia concentrations, and test water ammonia concentrations.
Test water ammonia concentrations were the geometric mean of the initial and final
ammonia concentrations. Percent mortality results are an average of replicate tests.
Table 4: List of 2005 sediment contaminants that demonstrated a statistically significant positive
relationship between natural log transformed concentration and sediment toxicity test
percent mortality.
Table 5: List of taxa collected in Ponar and Hester-Dendy (H-D) samples in Gowanus Canal.
Table A-1: Quarterly sample dates for the aquatic resource sampling component of the Gowanus
Bay and Canal Ecosystem Restoration Studies, October 2003 to June 2004 (Lawler et
al. 2004).
Table A-2: Variables identified by PCA as potential surrogates to explain the most variability in each
data set.
Table A-3: Class SD standards, guidance values, and narrative standards used to derive percent
exceedance and Toxicity Quotients.
List of Figures
Figure 1: Cumulative sediment criteria benchmark exceedance rates for each transect.
Exceedance rates derived using the full dataset contained 50 contaminants.
Exceedance rates derived using the full dataset minus polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon
(PAH) contaminants contained 36 contaminants.
Figure 2: Cumulative log transformed sediment benchmark Toxicity Quotients (TQs) for polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and other contaminants, primarily polychlorinated
biphenyls, pesticides, metals, and volatile organic compounds, which included benzene,
toluene, ethyl benzene, and xylene (BTEX).
Figure 3: Scatter plot of paired effluent/sediment contaminant results. Paired contaminant results
were plotted according to contaminant categories. The contaminant categories included
benzene + toluene + ethyl benzene + xylene (BTEX), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons
(PAHs), metals, pesticides (PEST), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and volatile
organic compounds (VOCs).
Figure 4: Cumulative log transformed outfall specific Toxicity Quotients (TQs) for polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), pesticides (PEST),
and metals.
Figure 5: Transect specific Class SD water quality (WQ) standard, guidance value, and narrative
standard exceedance rates for the full dataset and the full dataset without polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Figure 6: Log10 transformed cumulative water column Toxicity Quotients (TQs). The “other”
category represents the cumulative TQs for four contaminant categories; pesticides,
metals, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and benzene + toluene + ethyl benzene +
xylene (BTEX). The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) category represents
cumulative TQs for each PAH contaminant, except benzo[a]pyrene (see text).
GEI Consultants, Inc. ii December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Figure 7: Summary of the amphipod Ampelisca abdita sediment toxicity test results, with
comparisons to contaminants showing significant relationship to organism mortality.
BEHP = Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, PCBs = polychlorinated biphenyls,
Figure 8: Cluster analysis, based from benthic invertebrate presence/absence data, of transects
from benthic samples collected in Gowanus Canal. Five distinct clusters were identified
with respect to dissimilarity between clusters ≥55%.
Figure 9: Comparison of species richness (combined number of taxa) of cluster analysis
groupings with concurrently based water quality data.
Figure 10: Comparisons of density of benthic organisms (numbers per square meter) sampled at
the New York City Department of Environmental Protection stations to the corresponding
USACE (per GEI transects) data from 2003.
Figure 11: Comparisons of mean number of species (taxa) for benthic organisms sampled at the
New York City Department of Environmental Protection stations to the corresponding
USACE (per GEI transects) data from 2003.
Figure 12: Comparisons of the relative abundance of polychaetes (as % total density) for samples
from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection stations to the
corresponding USACE (per GEI transects) data from 2003.
Figure 13: Gowanus Canal transect specific average number of taxa compared to local
communities. The upper New York Harbor , lower New York Harbor, and Jamaica Bay
Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) data from the EPA’s Regional Environmental
Monitoring and Assessment Program (REMAP) study.
Figure 14: Gowanus Canal transect specific percent pollution tolerant taxa compared to local
communities. The upper New York Harbor, lower New York Harbor, and Jamaica Bay
Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) data from the EPA’s Regional Environmental
Monitoring and Assessment Program (REMAP) study.
Figure 15: Comparison of species richness at transects in Gowanus Canal with New York/New
Jersey Harbor bays sampled by USACE in 1994 (Iocco et al, 2000).
Figure 16: Comparison of numbers of oligochaetes at transects in Gowanus Canal with New
York/New Jersey Harbor bays sampled by USACE in 1994 (Iocco et al, 2000).
Figure 17: Comparison of numbers of the polychaete worm, Streblospio benedicti, at transects in
Gowanus Canal with New York/New Jersey Harbor bays sampled by USACE in 1994
(Iocco et al, 2000).
Figure A-1: Previous Investigation Sample Location Summary.
List of Appendices
Appendix A: Data Sources and Management Protocols
H:\WPROC\Project\KEYSPAN\Gowanus Canal\Canal Invest\Final Remed Inv Rpt\Eco Report\Gowanus Canal Ecological Investigation Report 12-2009.doc
GEI Consultants, Inc. iii December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
List of Acronyms
All possible regression APR
Benzo[a]pyrene BAP
Sum of benzene, toluene, ethyl benzene, and xylene BTEX
Canonical Correspondence Analysis CCA
Capture per Unit Estimate CPUE
Chi-squared automatic interaction detection CHAID
Combined sewer outfall CSO
Dissolved oxygen D.O
Effects Range-Low ERL
Effects Range-Median ERM
Environmental Monitoring Assessment Program EMAP
Equilibrium partitioning EP
Exploratory data analyses EDA
GEI Consultants, Inc./Chadwick Ecological Division GEI
Geographic information system GIS
GIS using sediment profiling imagery SPI
Hester-Dendy H-D
New York City Department of Environmental Protection NYCDEP
New York Department of Environmental Conservation NYDEC
New York State Codes, Rules and Regulations NYCRR
Parts per thousand PPT
Polychlorinated biphenyl’s PCBs
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs
Principal components analysis PCA
Quality assurance and quality control QA/QC
U.S. Army Corp of Engineers USACE
Semi-volatile organic compounds SVOCs
Site-specific sediment criteria SSSC
Total organic carbon TOC
Toxicity Quotient” TQ
Water quality WQ
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA
U.S.EPA’s Regional Environmental Monitoring and
Assessment Program REMAP
Volatile organic compounds VOCs
Wastewater Treatment Plant WWTP
GEI Consultants, Inc. iv December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
1.0 Introduction
At the request of KeySpan Corporation, GEI Consultants, Inc. (GEI) conducted an
ecotoxicological investigation to determine whether and what water and/or sediment
contaminants were affecting the aquatic biological community observed in the Gowanus
Canal. To perform this task we analyzed and interpreted the relationship between biotic and
abiotic variables from current GEI sampling and previous studies conducted on the Gowanus
Canal. Our ecotoxicological findings were the following:
1. Gowanus Canal sediment and water quality appears to be adversely impacted by
multiple chemical and physical stressors largely unrelated to contaminants
associated with former manufactured gas plant (MGP) operations.
2. Canal sediments were toxic to sediment dwelling organisms in controlled
laboratory exposures with sewage-related contaminants, including ammonia being
the drivers of the toxicity.
3. Current canal benthic invertebrate communities are inherently impoverished due
to the chemical stressors related to combined sewer outfall (CSO) discharges and
other sources. As a result, the benthic communities consist of organisms tolerant
to organic pollution associated with sewage, the distribution of which seems to be
driven by physical habitat variability.
1.1 Gowanus Canal – A Class SD Waterbody
The State of New York Department of Environmental Conservation (NYDEC) has
established a number of classes of waters (New York State Water Quality Regulations
Surface Water and Groundwater Classifications and Standards New York State Codes, Rules
and Regulations [NYCRR) Title 6 Chapter X Parts 700-7006 Department of Environmental
Conservation). The general classes relevant to waters like Gowanus Canal are listed below:
1. Class I saline surface waters- The best usages of Class I waters are secondary
contact recreation and fishing. These waters shall be suitable for fish
propagation and survival (6 NYCRR §701.13).
2. Class SA saline surface waters - The best usages of Class SA waters are
shellfishing for market purposes, primary and secondary contact recreation
and fishing. These waters shall be suitable for fish propagation and survival
(6 NYCRR §701.10).
GEI Consultants, Inc. 1 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
3. Class SB saline surface waters - The best usages of Class SB waters are
primary and secondary contact recreation and fishing. These waters shall be
suitable for fish propagation and survival (6 NYCRR §701.11).
4. Class SC saline surface waters - The best usage of Class SC waters is fishing.
These waters shall be suitable for fish propagation and survival. The water
quality shall be suitable for primary and secondary contact recreation,
although other factors may limit the use for these purposes (6 NYCRR
§701.12).
5. Class SD saline surface waters - The best usage of Class SD waters is fishing.
These waters shall be suitable for fish survival. This classification may be
given to those waters that, because of natural or man-made conditions, cannot
meet the requirements for primary and secondary contact recreation and fish
propagation (6 NYCRR §701.14).
Gowanus Canal is classified as Class SD. As such, it is not suitable for fish propagation or
contact recreation. This classification acknowledges the historic contamination of the canal.
1.2 Ecotoxicology Study Approach
This evaluation was conducted in a number of steps (see diagram below). First, we evaluated
the potential aquatic community impacts by comparing sediment and water quality data
collected by GEI to sediment ecological screening benchmarks and Class SD water quality
standards or guidance values. Next, potential sediment contamination sources, such as
permitted and unpermitted outfalls, were evaluated. Sediment toxicity testing data from U.S.
Army Corp of Engineers (USACE, 2003) studies were used to validate predicted chemical
stressor impacts and identify relationships with specific contaminants that might influence
sediment toxicity. Finally, biological data collected by the USACE was analyzed with
respect local reference conditions, sediment contamination, and physical habitat data.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 2 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Diagram of Conceptual Approach Used to Evaluate Gowanus Canal
What are the “potential”
ecological impacts?
Are the sediments really toxic?
Sediment Benchmarks:
% Exceedance Are there impacts to
Toxicity Quotients Sediment benthic organisms in
Toxicity
the canal?
Testing
Potential Sources
Benthic Invertebrate
Water Quality Criteria: Community
% Exceedance Analysis
Toxicity Quotients
GEI Consultants, Inc. 3 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
2.0 General Methods
A total of eight unique datasets were evaluated for this ecotoxicological investigation of the
Gowanus Canal, as follows.
• 2006 GEI Sediment data
• 2006 GEI Water Quality Data
• 2006 GEI Outfall Water Quality Data
• 2005 USACE Sediment Data
• 2005 USACE Sediment Toxicity Data
• 2003 USACE Ponar Data
• 2004 Lawler Hester-Dendy (H-D) Data
• 2003/2004 USACE Ichthyoplancton, Fish, and Crab Data
These datasets were used in all statistical analyses and to create tables and figures. An
analyte matrix, listing all potential contaminants that were investigated with respect to each
data source, can be found in Appendix A. Below is a brief description of how each dataset
was prepared for report analyses. Detailed descriptions of database preparation and the
resulting data can be found in Appendix A (Figure A-1).
2.1 2006 Sediment Data
The 2006 sediment data were collected by GEI along transects established in the Gowanus
Canal (Keyspan, 2005). These data were collected at all sediment depths. Because we are
interested in ecological effects of sediment exposure, only surficial sediments (0-3 ft) were
analyzed. Benthic (bottom-dwelling) organisms would not be expected to inhabit deeper
sediments. The 0 to 3 ft sediment sampling depth interval is consistent with reference
burrowing depths for deep burrowing organisms (Kropp and Diaz, 1995).
Non-detect values were carefully examined and unreasonably high non-detect values were
deleted from further analyses. After screening the non-detect values, all remaining
contaminant values from all samples were condensed into single values for each respective
transect Detailed methods for developing the databases used for analysis, as well as the
resulting screened and organized 2006 sediment data, can be found in Appendix A.
2.2 2006 Water Quality Data
The 2006 water quality data were collected by GEI along the same transects established in
the 2006 sediment dataset. These data were collected at two depths, surface and at the
GEI Consultants, Inc. 4 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
sediment water column interface. The 2006 water quality datasets are presented in
Appendix A.
2.3 2005 Sediment Data
The 2005 sediment data were collected on behalf of the USACE by DMA, Inc (2006). Site
locations ranged from the upstream portion of the Gowanus Canal to below the Carrol
Gardens/Public Place MGP site (but above the Metropolitan former MGP site). Samples
were analyzed for metals, semi-volatile organic compounds (SVOCs), polychlorinated
biphenyl’s (PCBs), pesticides, grain size, and total organic carbon (TOC) (See contaminant
matrix in Appendix A).
These sediment data were then organized into transects and matched to the nearest GEI
transect. Non-detect values were screened using the same method as the GEI sediment data.
These sediment datasets are presented in Appendix A.
In addition, we investigated, but did not use, analytical sediment data collected by the
USACE in 2003. Once categorized into depth categories, we found that only two samples
were collected from surficial sediments and was too limited to be used in our investigations.
2.4 Outfall Water Quality Data
Outfall water quality (WQ) data were collected by GEI during a dry weather period between
August 2 and 11 2006. Only samples from 11 actively flowing outfalls discharging into the
canal above the waterline (including one CSO) were used in our analysis. Each sample was
matched to the nearest GEI transect.
2.5 Sediment Toxicity Tests
Sediment toxicity tests were conducted on behalf of the USACE by AquaSurvey, Inc. (2005),
as presented in the DMA (2006) report, for sediments collected in September 2005. Testing
was conducted using the amphipod Ampelisca abdita in a 10 day exposure whole sediment
bioassay. Toxicity test results, water quality conditions, and notes are summarized in the
toxicity test dataset found in Appendix A.
2.6 Biological Data
Three separate biological datasets were available for our investigations into Gowanus Canal
ecology. These datasets included data from benthic invertebrate communities, water column
‘epibenthic’ invertebrate communities, and limited data from fish trawls and fish/crab trap
sampling efforts. A brief summary of each of the four datasets are provided below.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 5 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Benthic invertebrates were sampled in April 2003 using a petite Ponar benthic sampler by
USACE (2003) at 28 stations with two replicates per site. Station locations ranged though
the entire length of the canal from the flushing tunnel to Gowanus Bay. Latitude/longitude
coordinates used to identify site locations were matched to 15 GEI transects. Limited water
quality parameters were recorded by the USACE at each sample location. These data on the
biological community of the canal form the primary basis of our ecotoxicological analysis.
The second dataset was created from H-D epibenthic community sampling. Epibenthic
community invertebrates were sampled by Lawler, Matusky, and Skelly Engineers, LLP, for
the USACE at five locations in the Gowanus Canal and Bay using H-D style samplers
(Lawler et al. 2004). These data were limited and did not lend themselves to detailed
comparisons to sediment or water quality and were not evaluated further.
The third dataset was a combination of the ichthyoplankton, adult fish, and crab trap data
collected on behalf of the USACE in 2003 through 2004 using trap nets and trawl nets
(Lawler et al. 2004). Since these data were collected at fewer locations and could not be
easily matched to the GEI transects or abiotic datasets, only qualitative summary results are
presented.
2.7 Data Quality Assurance and Quality Control
Due to the quantity of data and the large number of calculations which had to be performed
for data analysis, a quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocol was established.
All efforts were made to be as easily understandable as possible when creating all of the
analyses datasets and details are provided in Appendix A.
2.8 Statistical Analyses
Multiple parametric and non-parametric statistical analyses were performed in our
ecotoxicological evaluation of the Gowanus Canal. Statistical tests are explained in greater
detail when presented in the report and in Appendix A. As part of every parametric
statistical analysis, the assumptions of equal variance and normality were tested and data was
transformed, when appropriate. For all analyses, significance was set with an alpha level of
0.05 (i.e., only a 5 percent chance of a statistical difference occurring by chance). All
statistical data analyses were conducted using NCSS 2004, SPSS 15.0, and CANOCO for
Windows 4.5 software packages.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 6 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
3.0 Evaluation of Potential Ecotoxicological
Impacts
3.1 Sediment Quality
For many contaminants, low and median toxic effect estimates derived from field studies
across the nation were used as surrogate sediment screening benchmarks. Effects range
estimates were established to indicate levels of sediment contamination that can be tolerated
by the majority of benthic organisms (Long et al. 1995) for contaminants in marine and
estuarine sediments, as presented in Tables 3 and 4 of the New York State Department
Environmental of Conservation (NYSDEC) Technical Guidance Document (NYSDEC,
1999). If the concentration is greater than the Effects Range-Median (ERM), the sediment is
“contaminated” and significant harm to benthic aquatic life is anticipated (NYSDEC, 1999).
A number of contaminants do not have ERM values for evaluation of potential toxicity. The
NYSDEC has developed a contaminated-sediment screening technical guidance document
(NYSDEC, 1999) to develop sediment criteria based on the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) equilibrium partitioning (EP) model. The role of EP-based sediment criteria
is for screening potentially contaminated sediments and providing an initial assessment of
possible adverse impacts to aquatic biota from those sediments.
EP-based sediment criteria are tied to water quality standards and guidance values.
Therefore, within the framework of New York State water quality regulations, sediment
criteria were derived according to the primary levels of protection for available Class SD
water quality standards or guidance values presented in Division of Water TOGS 1.1.1
(1998). Because these criteria are scaled to sediment TOC, EP-based criteria can be thought
of as site-specific sediment criteria (SSSC). SSSC were derived using available Class SD
water quality standards or guidance values.
The affinity of non-polar organic compounds to organic carbon ultimately defines
bioavailability and exposure to sediment dwelling organisms. Other compounds such as
metals exhibit many properties in water that largely depend on the form or species in which
the metal occurs. The toxicity and bioavailability of metals in water and sediment are highly
influenced by environmental conditions such as pH, alkalinity, REDOX potential, and
availability of complexing ions or ligands. Additionally, the complexity of metals behavior
in sediments makes accurately predicting levels at which toxic effects will occur difficult.
These caveats need to be kept in mind when evaluating the significance of an exceedance of
these thresholds.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 7 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
In our screening analysis of Gowanus Canal sediments, SSSC or ERM guidance values for
marine and estuarine sediments were used as toxicity benchmarks. When both SSSC and an
ERM were available, the ERM benchmark was given priority over the water quality criteria
derived sediment benchmark since it is derived from measured sediment-biology
relationships. The ERM was chosen over the Effects Range-Low (ERL) as the benchmark
criteria because this would be the most appropriate standard for a Class SD waterbody based
on protection categories established by the state for Class SD waters (i.e. fish survival).
The potential for ecological impacts from sediment contamination were evaluated two ways.
The first was to determine how often the sediment thresholds (ERM or SSSC) were exceeded
(i.e., the frequency, or percent of values over the threshold). The second approach was based
on the magnitude of sediment benchmark exceedances, based on the ratio of the measured
values to the threshold, also called a “Toxicity Quotient” or TQ. TQs > 1 would be
predictive of toxicity (i.e., measured concentrations are greater than the threshold). Because
aquatic biota are only expected to be exposed to surficial sediments, only samples collected
within the top 3 feet of sediment cores were evaluated in our analysis.
3.1.1 Sediment Benchmark Exceedances
Twenty-six ERM values were available to develop 26 ERM-based TQs. Fourteen Class SD
WQ standards, seven guidance values, and three default sediment screening values were
available to develop a total of 24 SSSC-based TQs for this analysis. In total, 50 specific
contaminants or contaminant class totals (i.e., total PCBs) were available for development of
percent exceedance and TQs, with respect to transect results.
3.1.1.1 Exceedance Analyses
Of the 50 contaminants for which a criteria benchmark was available, only eight were found
at levels below respective benchmarks or detection limits. In contrast, 18 contaminants were
above the benchmarks in 100 percent of the measured transect values. Most of these 18
contaminants were polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), PCBs, and pesticides. All
transects exceeded at least 20 sediment toxicity benchmarks. Figure 1 presents the transect-
specific benchmark exceedance rates with all contaminants combined. No clear-cut patterns
of exceedances were noted among transects and results indicated that sediments in all areas
of the Gowanus Canal are potentially toxic to aquatic life.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 8 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
100
Full Dataset (n=50)
W/Out PAHs (n=36)
90
e
c 80
n
a
d
70
e
e
c
x 60
E
% 50
k
a r 40
m
h 30
c
n
e 20
B
10
0
A B C D E F G H I J K L M O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z AA4th6th7th11th
Transect
Figure 1: Cumulative sediment criteria benchmark exceedance rates for each transect.
Exceedance rates derived using the full dataset contained 50 contaminants.
Exceedance rates derived using the full dataset minus polycyclic aromatic
hydrocarbon (PAH) contaminants contained 36 contaminants.
To explain the influence of PAHs in exceedance rates, we removed all PAHs and re-analyzed
the data (Figure 1). Fourteen PAHs were removed allowing an examination of exceedance
rates for the remaining 36 contaminants (including SVOCs, volatile organic compounds
[VOCs], PCBs, pesticides, and metals). Even after removing PAHs, the minimum number of
exceedances was 30 percent, with most transects having 50 percent or greater frequency of
exceedances. From this figure it is clear that the spatial patterns of exceedances are similar
between the two datasets; with a substantial percentage of exceedances for each transect even
with PAHs removed.
3.1.1.2 Toxicity Quotient Analyses
To investigate the magnitude of sediment benchmark exceedances, we derived cumulative
TQs for each contaminant category and transect (Figure 2). From this analysis it can be seen
that cumulative PAH, PCB, pesticide, and metal TQs are greater than one (zero on the log10
scale) for each transect in the canal. Cumulative VOC TQs, including the sum of benzene,
toluene, ethyl benzene, and xylene (BTEX), were greater than one in just over a third of all of
the transects. The greatest cumulative TQs were derived for PAHs; although this only
accounts for roughly half the total toxicity at any one transect. These results indicate that
GEI Consultants, Inc. 9 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
sediment quality is greatly impacted by multiple contaminant stressors. Additionally, the
cumulative impact of all non-PAH contaminants is at least similar to PAH impacts. In
summary, Gowanus Canal sediments are greatly impacted by multiple chemical stressors.
When analyte results were compared to sediment screening benchmarks, high exceedance
rates and TQs were derived for each transect.
7
s Other
Q
PAH
T
6
e
v
i
t
a
l 5
u
m
u
C 4
d
e
m
r 3
o
f
s
n
a 2
r
T
0
1 1
g
o
L
0
A B C D E F G H I J K L M O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z AA 4th 6th 7th11th
Transect
Figure 2: Cumulative log transformed sediment benchmark Toxicity Quotients (TQs) for
polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and other contaminants, primarily
polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides, metals, and volatile organic compounds,
which included benzene, toluene, ethyl benzene, and xylene (BTEX).
3.2 Evaluation of potential sediment contamination sources
After establishing the frequency and magnitude of benchmark exceedances, we identified
that active outfalls were a potential source of surficial sediment contamination within the
canal. To identify outfall sources, active CSOs and outfalls discharging unknown effluents
were sampled by GEI. Collected effluent samples were analyzed for similar contaminants as
performed in sediment analyses. When an analyte was measured in the outfall effluent it was
matched to the analyte-transect matched sediment value. These pairs (outfall/sediment
results) were separated into contaminant classes and regressed (Figure 3).
When each contaminant class-paired effluent/sediment data were regressed, the relationship
between outfall and sediment analytes identified a statistically significant positive
relationship between the outfall data and paired sediment quality for metals (slope = 0.71)
and combined pesticides, PCBs, and VOCs (slope = 0.68). The BTEX regression resulted in
GEI Consultants, Inc. 10 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
a slightly positive slope (slope = 0.06) that was not statistically significant (Table 1). No
relationship was noted between PAH concentrations in outfall effluents and sediments within
the same transect (slope < 0.001). These results indicate that outfalls are a potential source of
sediment contamination in terms of metals, pesticides, PCBs, VOCs, and to a lesser extent
BTEX.
10
8
6
4
2
0
-2
-4
-6
-5 -3 -1 1 3 5 7 9 11 13
Ln (Effluent Concentration [ug/L])
GEI Consultants, Inc. 11 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
)]gk/gm[
noitartnecnoC
tnemideS(
nL
BTEX
PAH
Metals
Pest,PCBs,VOCs
Figure 3: Scatter plot of paired effluent/sediment contaminant results. Paired contaminant
results were plotted according to contaminant categories. The contaminant
categories included benzene + toluene + ethyl benzene + xylene (BTEX), polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), metals, pesticides (PEST), polychlorinated
biphenyls (PCBs), and volatile organic compounds (VOCs).
Similar to sediment quality analyses, we can determine the predicted toxicity of active outfall
effluents using the same TQ approach. Figure 4 shows the cumulative log transformed
outfall effluent specific TQs for PAHs, PCBs, pesticides, and metals.
Analysis of respective TQs showed that active outfalls throughout the Gowanus Canal are
discharging potentially significantly toxic concentrations of several contaminants. Overall,
these outfalls represent unknown sources. It is important to note that TQs derived for VOCs,
which included BTEX, were less than one, indicating that during outfall sampling these
contaminants were not being discharged at potentially toxic levels.
Table 1: Paired effluent/sediment data summary and regression results. Numbers in
parentheses indicate the number of paired observations for each contaminant. The
pooled slope = 0.6310* (95% CI = 0.5109 - 0.7512).
BTEX PAHs METALS* OTHERS*
Toluene (3) Acenaphthene (2) Aluminum (2) Aldrin (2)
Total BTEX (3) Anthracene (1) Barium (7) Alpha-BHC (1)
Fluoranthene (3) Chromium (2) Delta-BHC (1)
Fluorene (1) Copper (2) Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (2)
2-Methylnaphthalene (1) Iron (5) Butyl benzyl phthalate (1)
Phenanthrene (3) Lead (1) Aroclor 1242 (1)
Pyrene (3) Manganese (8) Total PCBs (1)
Total Noncarc.PAHs (3) Nickel (5) Acetone (1)
Benzo[a]anthracene (1) Vanadium (2) Cyanide (1)
Benzo[a]pyrene (1) Zinc (3)
Chrysene (2)
Total Carc. PAHs (2)
Total PAHs (3)
Slope = 0.06 Slope = < 0.00 Slope = 0.71 Slope = 0.68
* = Statistically significant relationship between outfall and sediment paired results (alpha=0.05)
7
s
Q PAHs PCBs Pest Metals
T
6
e
v
i
t
a
u
l5
m
u
C
4
d
e
m
3
r
o
f
s
n
a2
r
T
0
11
g
o
L
0
146 87 90 100 13 4 32 1 76 52 57
Outfall Sample Number
Figure 4: Cumulative log transformed outfall specific Toxicity Quotients (TQs) for polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), pesticides
(PEST), and metals.
Only one active CSO (Outfall sample number 146) was available for analysis. Examination
of effluent from this outfall indicated that only three contaminants were identified and
GEI Consultants, Inc. 12 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
measured at concentrations greater than the non-detection limits. These contaminants
included barium, manganese, and fecal coliform; none of which have a toxicity benchmark
needed to derive respective TQs. The large PAH cumulative TQ identified in outfall sample
number 100 (GC-OF-100) was almost entirely due to benzo[a]pyrene (BAP). The outfall,
GC-OF-100, is not permitted under NYDES SPDES or EPA NPDES. The exact source of
that outfall effluent is uncertain. Active discharge was observed. The discharge had
moderate petroleum-like odor and sheen was observed in the effluent sample (GEI, field
observations). BAP was also found in surface water samples near this outfall (see below).
Interestingly, the transect corresponding to this outfall (Transect H) had the greatest BAP
water column analyte results at concentrations that were roughly five fold that of the next
greatest measurement.
3.3 Water Quality
To investigate potential chemical stressors in the canal, water column analyte data were
evaluated using a toxicity benchmark or criteria screen. Class SD water quality standards or
guidance values served as toxicity benchmarks and were used to predict potential ecological
harm when compared to measured contaminant values. New York State defines water
quality standards with respect to classification of surface waters. Gowanus Canal is
classified as Class SD saline surface water; therefore, canal waters should be suitable for fish
survival or “no acute toxicity.” It is important to note that Class SD waters are not intended
to protect for more sensitive chronic toxicity endpoints such as fish propagation, although a
few Class SD standards are set according to more sensitive endpoints. For water quality
screening purposes, 15 Class SD standards, 10 guidance values, and four narrative standards
were compared to transect condensed measured water column analyte concentrations. From
these comparisons the frequency and magnitude, measured as TQs, of exceedances were
developed as discussed above.
We compared transect condensed water quality results to available standards or guidance
values to develop transect specific TQs for each contaminant (Table 2). The NYSDEC also
provides narrative standards for Class SD waters outlined in 6 NYCRR §703.2 Narrative
Water Quality Standards. Additionally, water quality standards for dissolved oxygen (D.O.),
odor, color and floatables, are provided in 6 NYCRR §703.3. The appropriate narrative
standard for oil and floating substances states that “No residue attributable to sewage,
industrial wastes or other wastes, nor visible oil film nor globules of grease.” The Class SD
standards for D.O. “Shall not be less than 3.0 milligrams per liter (mg/L) at any time.”
Observational accounts of sampling locations and conditions were used to screen narrative
water quality standards. The averaged transect specific D.O. results were used to determine
respective standard adherence. Because of the narrative nature of these additional water
quality standards, TQs could only be derived for D.O. Exceedance rates were developed for
each narrative standard.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 13 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Table 2: Class SD standards, guidance values, and narrative standards used to derive
percent exceedance and Toxicity Quotients.
Class SD
Class SD WQ
WQ Narrative Class
Contaminant Guidance Comments
Standards SD WQ Standards
Values (µg/L)
(µg/L)
Guidance value used over
Benzene 10 a 670 b standard due preference
for fish survival endpoint
Guidance value used over
Toluene 6000 a 430 b standard due preference
for fish survival endpoint
Ethylbenzene 41 b
Xylene 170 b
Acenaphthene 60 b
Fluorene 23 b
2-Methylnaphthalene 38 b
Naphthalene 140 b
Phenanthrene 14 b
Benzo[a]pyrene 0.0006 a
Aldrin 0.001 a
Alpha-
Benzenehexachloride 0.002 a
(BHC)
Beta-BHC 0.007 a
Delta – BHC 0.008 a
Epsilon – BHC 0.008 a
Gamma-BHC 0.008 a
Alpha-Chlordane 0.00002 a
Trans-Chlordane 0.00002 a
DDT, DDE, DDD (sum) 0.000011 e
0.0000006
Dieldrin
a
Endosulfan 0.034 b
Endrin 0.002 a
Heptachlor 0.0002 a
Heptachlor epoxide 0.0003 a
Toxaphene 0.07 b
PCBs total 0.00012 e
Copper 7.9 b
Lead 204 b
Mercury 0.0026 d
Nickel 74 b
Zinc 95 b
Shall not be less than
Dissolved Oxygen (D.O.)
3.0 mg/L at any time.
None in amounts that
will adversely affect the
taste, color or odor
Odor
thereof, or impair the
waters for their best
usages.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 14 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Class SD
Class SD WQ
WQ Narrative Class
Contaminant Guidance Comments
Standards SD WQ Standards
Values (µg/L)
(µg/L)
None in amounts that
will adversely affect the
taste, color or odor
Clarity
thereof, or impair the
waters for their best
usages.
No residue attributable
to sewage, industrial
Floatables wastes or other wastes,
nor visible oil film nor
globules of grease
a = Human consumption of fish (saline waters)
b = Fish survival (saline waters)
c = Fish propagation (saline waters)
d = Aesthetic (saline waters)
e = Wildlife protection (saline waters)
Water quality standards for the state’s waters are compiled in the Division of Water
Technical and Operational Guidance Series 1.1.1 (Division of Water, 1998). This document
provides ambient water quality standards and guidance values for toxic and non-conventional
pollutants derived under the authority of Article 17 of the Environmental Conservation Law
and 6 NYCRR Parts 700-706, Water Quality Regulations. A standard value is a numeric
concentration value that has been promulgated and placed into regulation. A guidance value
may be used where a standard for a substance or a group of substances has not been
established. Standards and guidance values are the maximum allowable concentration for a
defined water classification.
3.3.1 Water Quality Exceedances
Seventeen Class SD water quality standards, 10 guidance values, and four narrative standards
were available for analytical results comparisons (Appendix A). Surface water samples from
near the surface and bottom of the water column were analyzed separately and combined
when comparing water quality standards. Due to laboratory methods, analytical detection
limits were often greater than Class SD water quality standards, but when a concentration
above the detection limit was obtained, a percent exceedance or TQ value was derived. We
compared the Class SD water quality standards and guidance values to transect specific
results and used a pass/fail logical test to screen exceedance rates between transects and
contaminants or narrative standards. The Class SD water quality standards and guidance
values were used to derive TQs for each transect. The TQs were derived as the ratio of each
measured value over each transect’s specific criteria. These TQs were combined.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 15 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
3.3.1.1 Exceedance Analyses
Of the 25 contaminants for which a standard or guidance value was available, 11
contaminants were found at levels below respective criteria benchmarks or detection limits.
In 11 other contaminants, 100 percent of measured values were found above respective
criteria benchmarks - most of these were pesticides. The number of numeric criteria
exceedances ranged from 53 percent to zero exceedances (Figure 5).
60
* = same with or without PAHs
Full Dataset (n=29)
W/Out PAHs (n=23)
50
e
c
n
a
d40
e
e
c * * *
x
E
% 30
a
ri *
e
ri
t20
C
Q * *
W * *
10
0
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V BB W X Y Z AA4th6th7th
Transect
Transect
Figure 5: Transect specific Class SD water quality (WQ) standard, guidance value, and
narrative standard exceedance rates for the full dataset and the full dataset without
polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Four narrative standards were also assessed in conjunction with numeric criteria. There were
no notable differences in D.O., odor, or floatables narrative standard exceedances between
surface and bottom collected samples. The D.O. Class SD criterion (3 mg/L) was not met in
35 percent of the surface sampled transect results and 39 percent of bottom sampled results.
D.O. measured in surface water samples from above sediment surface ranged 1.6 mg/L to
12.4 mg/L and the median value was 3.3 mg/L, indicating surface sediments are also most
likely anoxic. Twenty percent of the surface collected samples exceeded the color narrative
standard “No increase that will cause a substantial visible contrast to natural conditions.”
The Class SD odor narrative standard “None in amounts that will adversely affect the taste,
color or odor thereof, or impair the waters for their best usages” was exceeded in 6 percent
and 13 percent of the surface and bottom transect results, respectively. The “No residue
attributable to sewage, industrial wastes or other wastes, nor visible oil film nor globules of
grease” standard was exceeded in 81 percent of the surface and 68 percent of the bottom
collected samples. The majority of these exceedances were associated with spotty sheens
and observed fecal matter within the Canal.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 16 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
When the surface and bottom water column results were condensed, the 6th and 7th Street
turning basins had the greatest number of narrative standards exceedances (75 percent) and
Transect L had zero narrative exceedances.
To investigate numeric and narrative exceedance rates with respect to PAHs, we analyzed
analyte results with and without PAHs. Figure 5 presents exceedance rates for the two
datasets. From this figure it can be seen that only 7 transects have a fewer exceedances
without PAHs. Interestingly, 15 of the transects have a greater proportion of exceedances
after PAH results were removed. Eight transects have the same proportion of exceedances
with or without PAHs. The minimal difference between each dataset for most transects, and
increased rates in many others, indicates that PAHs are not appreciably contributing to the
respective total number of water quality exceedances in the canal.
3.3.1.2 Toxicity Quotient Analyses
To investigate the magnitude of Class SD water quality standard or guidance value
exceedances, we derived cumulative TQs for each contaminant category and transect
(Figure 6). The PAH category represents cumulative TQs for each PAH contaminant, except
benzo[a]pyrene (BAP). BAP was removed from the water quality analysis due to it being
measured at concentrations greater than the aqueous solubility and a low Class SD standard
to protect human consumption of fish. This combination resulted in a biologically
insignificant inflated TQ that confused results comparisons.
With BAP removed, Transect H had the greatest cumulative TQ due to high pesticide and
PAH TQs. Pesticide TQs were also elevated in Transects P, Q, 6th and 7th Street basins.
Potential sources for these pesticides at these transects is uncertain. Cumulative metal TQs
were greater than 1 (zero on the Log10 scale) in 7 transects, with the greatest value observed
in Transect G. When measured above the minimum detection limits, in Transects T, U, and
7th St, total PCBs TQs were very high. Transects T and U are located immediately
downstream of the 9th street bridge. For 7th street basin, an active unpermitted discharge
found at outfall GC-OF-057 contained PCBs, Although BTEX compounds were measured at
each transect, results were far below respective benchmarks; thus, TQs were less than one
and are not presented.
In summary, BTEX compound results were substantially less than Class SD guidance values.
Evaluation of all other water quality results with respect to water quality criteria were
complicated by detection limits that were often greater than Class SD water quality standards
or guidance values. However, when measured above the detection limits, BAP, total PCBs,
chlordane, and heptachlor results were greater and chromium, nickel, and zinc results were
less than screening criteria. D.O. was below the minimum criteria to protect fish survival in
over 40 percent of the transects and aesthetic narrative standards were not met at most sites
due to oil surface sheens.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 17 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
6
s
Q Other
e
T 5 PAH
v
ti
a
ul
4
m
u
C
d
e 3
m
r
o
f
n s 2
a
r
T
0
1 1
g
o
L
0
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V BB W X Y Z AA 4th 6th 7th
Transect
Figure 6: Log10 transformed cumulative water column Toxicity Quotients (TQs). The “other”
category represents the cumulative TQs for four contaminant categories;
pesticides, metals, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and benzene + toluene + ethyl
benzene + xylene (BTEX). The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) category
represents cumulative TQs for each PAH contaminant, except benzo[a]pyrene (see
text).
This water quality analysis identified the frequency and magnitude of Class SD criteria
exceedances with respect to condensed transect analytical results. These results indicate that
multiple contaminants are predicted to be contributing to the degraded water quality
condition of the Gowanus Canal, primarily as a result of non-PAH contaminants.
3.4 Analysis Limitations
In general, data limitations fall into two categories, issues related to non-detect values and the
availability (or lack thereof) of potential toxicity benchmarks Deleting unreasonably high
non-detect values from further analyses could introduce some selection bias. The direction
of this selection bias would be towards lowering the potential magnitude of contamination,
since unreasonably high non-detection values were not used in working datasets. In sediment
analyses the physical matrix of each sample influences the respective analyte detection
limits; therefore, the magnitude of non-detect values can be variable even within a single
contaminant between samples. We felt that is was important to retain as much data as
possible by carefully screening non-detection values when enough additional data was
available to screen the magnitude of respective analyte results. This methodology is
consistent with EPA data usability guidance (EPA, 1990; Smith, 1991). The main objective
for these data manipulations was to critically retain as much data as possible for use in
GEI Consultants, Inc. 18 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
potential impact analyses. Detailed methods for developing the databases used for analysis,
as well as the resulting screened and organized datasets can be found in Appendix A.
Of the 108 potential sediment contaminants, 31 contaminants had non-detection analyte
results that were manipulated. The degree of non-detect manipulation was not equal among
these 31 contaminants. The greatest number of non-detect manipulations occurred in BTEX,
2-methylnaphthalene, and gamma-chlordane analyte datasets (see Appendix A 2006 -
sediment datasets). Perhaps the most influential data manipulations were for two PAHs,
dibenz[a,h]anthracene and benzo[k]fluoranthene. In these contaminants non-detection values
in samples from Transects O, T, and V were deemed too high and subsequently deleted from
the working datasets. Implications of these deletions were most noticeable in our benchmark
analyses with dibenz[a,h]anthracene, where TQs for Transect O, T, and V could not be
derived. Benzo[k]fluoranthene did not have a sediment benchmark; therefore, deletion
results only lowered total PAH estimates.
Of the potential water quality contaminants, only 6 contaminants had non-detection analyte
results that were manipulated. As in the sediment dataset the greatest number of non-detect
manipulations occurred of BTEX analytes. The relatively small number of contaminants in
which non-detection manipulations were performed was dependent on the fact that few
contaminants had actual measured results at most transects. Because we could not critically
compare the non-detection results to measured analyte concentrations, few contaminant non-
detects were manipulated. It is important to note that effluent water quality results were not
manipulated and data was used, as is, for all respective analyses.
The second data limitation issue involved the availability of potential toxicity benchmarks.
Since our percent exceedance and TQ analyses depended on the availability of ERM or Class
SD water quality standard/guidance values, our potential toxicity estimation scope of
inference was limited. Of the 108 sediment contaminants that were analyzed, toxicity
benchmarks were only available for 50 contaminants. Even fewer water quality benchmarks
were available, because ERM benchmarks are not intended for use in water quality screens.
Even though benchmarks were not available for all contaminants, exceedance rates and
magnitude of toxicity was potentially captured in respective total contaminant “class”
categories. For example, potentially toxic PAHs that had no sediment benchmarks were
potentially characterized in the total PAH benchmark. This is the reason why total PAH and
PCB benchmark analysis results were included with individual analyte benchmark results.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 19 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
4.0 Evaluation of Sediment Toxicity
Since benchmark/analyte result comparisons only predict potential toxic effects in aquatic
biota, it was important to follow up our analyses with results from recently conducted
sediment toxicity testing. The USACE conducted sediment toxicity tests using a sensitive
benthic invertebrate species exposed to canal sediments (AquaSurvey, Inc., 2005; DMA,
Inc., 2006).
Results showed significant sediment toxicity to the test organisms after 10 day exposures
(Table 3). Additional data provided in toxicity test results included pore water ammonia
concentrations for each sediment sample. Ammonia is potentially toxic to invertebrates.
Sediment test guidelines state that ammonia has to be lowered before test initiation and this
was done via static renewal of overlying water prior to 10 day exposures. The source of
ammonia in test sediments was likely due to the decay of nitrogenous organic matter from
the CSOs. Ammonia is a common suspect in failed sediment toxicity tests (Moore et al.
1996). Although a positive relationship was found between both initial pore water and test
ammonia concentrations and percent mortality, neither was statistically significant.
Table 3: Summary of the amphipod Ampelisca abdita sediment toxicity test results, initial
test sediment pore water ammonia concentrations, and test water ammonia
concentrations. Test water ammonia concentrations were the geometric mean of
the initial and final ammonia concentrations. Percent mortality results are an
average of replicate tests.
Pore Water Ammonia Conc. Toxicity Test Ammonia Conc.
Nearest Transect Percent Mortality
(mg/L) (mg/L)
A 30% 109 9.5
E 100% -- 8.9
H 5%* 70.6 3.5
J 35% 57.5 8.6
L 100% 42.8 8.4
R 100% 44 9.1
U 22% 59.3 4.1
4th Street basin 100% 68.4 5.6
6th Street basin 81% 109 5.3
7th Street basin 96% 72 2.6
Control 1% -- <0.5
* = Not statistically different from control
GEI Consultants, Inc. 20 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
In addition to toxicity testing, USACE also chemically analyzed a subsample of toxicity test
sediments. When analyte concentrations were compared to toxicity test results (Figure 7), a
significant relationship was found between concentration and percent mortality for specific
contaminants, none of which were PAHs (Table 4). Compared to their respective ERMs,
copper, lead, nickel and zinc were found at potentially toxic concentrations, with average
TQs ranging from 1.89 for copper to 859 for lead.
Table 4: List of 2005 sediment contaminants that demonstrated a statistically significant
positive relationship between natural log transformed concentration and sediment
toxicity test percent mortality.
Contaminant (natural log Contaminant (natural log
p value p value
transformed) transformed)
Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate 0.0356 Copper 0.0332
Total PCBs 0.0430 Lead 0.0261
Arsenic 0.0497 Nickel 0.0318
Cadmium 0.0377 Zinc 0.0414
Chromium 0.0386
6
Legend
% Mort
100
5 BEHP
N Metal/loids
o
r PCBs
m
4
80 a
liz
e
y 3 d
ali t
60
C
o
t n
o r 2 e
M n
t
%
r
a
40 1 t io
n
(
m
0
g
20
/k
g
-1 )
0 -2
A E H J L R U 4th 6th 7th
Transect
Figure 7: Summary of the amphipod Ampelisca abdita sediment toxicity test results, with
comparisons to contaminants showing significant relationship to organism
mortality. BEHP = Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, PCBs = polychlorinated biphenyls,
GEI Consultants, Inc. 21 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
After demonstrating that the Gowanus Canal sediments were potentially toxic using toxicity
benchmark derived TQs, toxicity testing confirmed that the sediments are toxic to standard
test organisms. When 2005 sediment analytical results were compared to toxicity test results,
bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (a relatively non-toxic plasticizer that is ubiquitous in the
environment (Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry [ATSDR], 2002), PCBs,
and seven metals were significantly correlated with amphipod mortality. These are common
municipal contaminants and, in the previous section, were found to have a significant
effluent/sediment relationship. Additionally, the high ammonia pore water concentrations,
measured in toxicity test sediments, also support that CSOs could be the source of acute
ammonia toxicity in canal sediments.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 22 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
5.0 Evaluation of the Aquatic Biological
Populations
The invertebrate community from the Gowanus Canal, as represented by samples taken with
the Ponar and H-D samplers, included a total of 47 taxa in six phyla (Table 5) with most taxa
preferring mesohaline environments. A few species which can exist in freshwaters were
found, including scuds or side swimmers (Gammarus) sp., and a shrimp (Palaemonetes
vulgaris) (Voshell, 2002; Bousfield, 1973; Foster, 1976; Smith 2001).
5.1 Benthic Community
Biological data were used to further characterize the extant Gowanus Canal aquatic community
with respect to sample/transect location within the canal, local reference conditions, sediment
contamination, and physical habitat. Results indicated that the current ecological condition is
being stressed by multiple chemical and physical stressors. Organic pollution tolerant organisms
dominated the invertebrate community. Species richness was lower than referenced stressed
New York Harbor communities, which included a sewage impacted site. Although no clear cut
chemical/invertebrate community metrics relationships were found, physical habitat
characteristics such as sediment particle size, temperature, salinity, and D.O. seemed to drive the
extant invertebrate distribution within the canal.
Benthic data provided a robust dataset that was used to investigate relationships within and
between transects with respect to local reference conditions and sediment contamination.
Invertebrate population metrics used to evaluate community condition included species
richness and percent pollution tolerant taxa. These metrics were compared to Hudson
Estuary reference conditions. These reference condition data originated from EPA’s
Regional Environmental Monitoring and Assessment Program (REMAP) data (Adams et al.
1998). Although the benthic samples and GEI sediment collections were temporally
disconnected, correlations between benthic macroinvertebrate abundances and analyte
concentrations were also investigated.
Overall, the benthic invertebrate community strongly represents an estuarine community
highly tolerant of organic pollution, with most taxa preferring mesohaline environments. A
few species which can exist in freshwaters were found. Nematoda, which were abundant
throughout the canal, as a group are nearly ubiquitous in their distribution with widespread
ecological preferences and pollution tolerance. Likewise, the freshwater aquatic worms (i.e.,
Oligochaeta) and flatworms (i.e., Platyhelminthes) are ubiquitous in their distribution, and as
a group prefer soft substrates and are fairly tolerant of high levels of organic matter. A few
species which can exist in freshwaters were found, including scuds or side swimmers
GEI Consultants, Inc. 23 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
(Gammarus) and a shrimp (Palaemonetes vulgaris) (Voshell, 2002; Bousfield, 1973; Foster,
1976; Smith, 2001).
Table 5: List of taxa collected in Ponar and Hester-Dendy (H-D) samples in Gowanus Canal.
Phylum/Class Class/Order Family Taxon Type of Sample
Nematoda Nematoda Both
Annelida Oligochaeta Oligochaeta Ponar
Polychaeta Polychaeta H-D
Capitellidae Capitellidae H-D
Capitella sp. H-D
Capitella capitata Ponar
Mediomastus sp. Ponar
Cossuridae Cossura longocirrata Ponar
Cirratulidae Caulliriella sp. Ponar
Glyceridae Glycera Americana Ponar
Nereididae Nereididae H-D
Nereis sp. H-D
Neanthes succinea Ponar
Orbiniidae Leitoscoloplas robustus Ponar
Polynoidae Harmothoe sp. Ponar
Sabellidae Sabellidae H-D
Fabricia sabella Both
Spionidae Polydora cornuta Ponar
Polydora ligni H-D
Stroblospio bendicti Both
Phyllodocidae Eteone heteropoda Ponar
Eumida sanguinea H-D
Paraonidae Paraonidae H-D
Mollusca Neogastropoda Nassariidae Nassarius obsoletus Ponar
Mytilidae Mytilus edulis Both
Arthropoda Isopoda Limnoriidae Limnoria lignorum H-D
Cirolanidae Politana polita H-D
Sphaeromatidae Sphaeroma sp. H-D
Amphipoda Aoridae Aoridae H-D
Leptocheirus pinguis H-D
Unciola sp. H-D
Amphithoidae Amphithoidae H-D
Corophiidae Corophiidae H-D
Corophium sp. H-D
Corophium insidiosum Ponar
Gammaridae Gammarus mucronatus Ponar
Gammarus sp. H-D
Ischyroceridae Jassa marmorata Ponar
Jassa falcata H-D
Melitidae Melitidae H-D
Melita netida H-D
Thoracica Balanidae Semibalanus balanoides H-D
Mysida Mysidae Neomysis americana Ponar
Decapoda Palaemonidae Palaemonetes vulgaris Ponar
Xanthidae Dyspanopeus sayi H-D
Bryozoa Bryozoa H-D
Platyhelminthes Platyhelminthes H-D
GEI Consultants, Inc. 24 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
5.2 Epibenthic Community
Epibenthic invertebrates were sampled at five locations in the Gowanus Canal and Bay using
H-D style samplers (Lawler et al. 2004). Ten of the 15 H-D samplers were recovered and
invertebrates identified after three collection periods that spanned 224 days. There was
considerable variability in densities among reaches, with a total of 29 taxa collected,
including polychaetes, crustaceans (amphipods, decapods, isopods, thoracica (barnacles),
bryazoans, mollusca, nematode, and platyhelminthes (Table 5). All of these species are
common throughout the harbor.
The greatest densities were reported after 7 months of exposure. The plates retrieved in
December had relatively few settled organisms compared to those collected in other months.
Highest densities occurred in June after 7 months of exposure, and successive patterns of
colonization were demonstrated in all reaches. Taxa in the H-D samplers included primarily
amphipods, which generally prefer to build mud tubes on hard substrates. Nearly all of the
taxa collected prefer shallow waters <20 m in depth (Bousfield, 1973). Tube dwelling
amphipods and polychaetes were the dominant organisms in all reaches.
Species abundance was low in comparison to a typical epibenthic community in the open
waters of the harbor, and the community was dominated by opportunistic species that are
common in disturbed habitats and are considered organic pollution tolerant. The absence of
the amphipod Ampelesca abdita on the plates indicates that epibenthic community is
degraded. This species is common in the harbor but is susceptible to pollution and has
limited mobility. Lawler et al., 2004 concluded the epibenthic community living in the canal
is an impoverished community with low complexity and diversity when compared to
established epibenthic communities inhabiting hard surfaces in the East River. D.O. is a
critical factor for the establishment of epibenthic community. Extended periods of decreased
D.O. can limit species diversity. The D.O. levels have been observed below 3 mg/L during
the GEI investigation and by Hazen and Sawyer, 2001.
5.3 Fish and Crab Community
Lawler et al. (2004) provided seasonal data on adult fish, ichthyoplankton, and invertebrate
communities from October 2003 to June 2004. From these data general species assemblages
were identified.
Adult fish were sampled throughout five reaches within the Gowanus Canal and Bay over
four seasonal sampling periods from October 2003 through June 2004 (Lawler et al. 2004).
Fish were sampled via trap nets at the three upstream reaches, and by otter trawl tows in the
two downstream reaches. Fish were identified and enumerated, to provide Capture per Unit
Effort (CPUE) data. All or a minimum of 20 fish from each species at each site were
measured. Ten species were collected: white perch, Atlantic silversides, striped bass,
GEI Consultants, Inc. 25 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
cunner, American eels, northern puffer, winter flounder, bay anchovies, spotted hake, and
Atlantic tomcod. Blue crabs were also collected. All were collected at low abundances.
Species richness values were generally greater in the bay versus the canal. Striped bass were
the most common fish species collected. Average monthly fish CPUE ranged from 0 to
77.24 (all species combined).
Ichthyoplankton were sampled throughout five reaches within the Gowanus Canal and Bay
by plankton net over four seasonal sampling periods from October 2003 to June 2004
(Lawler et al. 2004). All fish larvae and eggs collected were identified, assigned a life stage
(when possible), and enumerated. Twenty samples were collected with 14 species identified
(bay anchovy, Atlantic menhaden, windowpane, labridae, grubby, Atlantic herring, Atlantic
mackerel, weakfish, Atlantic croaker, winter flounder, unidentified gadid, tautog, northern
pipefish, and Atlantic silversides). Dominant egg and yolk sac larvae species collected was
bay anchovy. Post yolk sac larvae had the highest species diversity of all life stages, with 12
species collected (winter flounder were most abundant in March, and bay anchovies were the
most abundant in June). Monthly average ichthyoplankton densities ranged from 0 to
8,635/1000 m3. Limited spawning occurs in the Canal, with more likely occurring in the
Bay. The few eggs collected in the Canal were dominated by pelagic species, indicating that
the eggs likely drifted, possibly by being drawn into the Canal from the Buttermilk Channel
through the flushing tunnel or from the bay via the incoming tide. No winter flounder eggs
were collected, only post sac larval stages, so it is unclear if winter flounder are spawning in
the canal or if those collected were transported from the Bay or flushing tunnel.
In summary, the fish collected were dominated by migratory species that are common in the
Harbor and Mid-Atlantic estuaries, with few resident fish (cunner, tautog) collected;
indicating that the habitat necessary to support a resident fish community may not be present.
The canal has undergone extensive urbanization/industrialization, which has resulted in loss
of aquatic habitat and poor water quality. Urbanization of the canal has created abiotic
obstacles (e.g., low D.O., high temperatures) to the establishment of a resident fish
community.
Eighteen crab pots were retrieved. The most abundant taxa of crabs, the Pacific shore crabs,
are opportunistic omnivores that can tolerate wide ranges of temperatures and salinities. It is
a potential competitor for other native species common to the area, as well as the non-native
green crab. Other species collected included green crabs and bay mud crabs. Several fish
were also collected in the crab traps, including winter flounder, black sea bass, cunner,
American eels, northern searobins, and mummichogs. No crabs were collected in Reaches 2
and 3 and none were collected during fall and spring surveys.
Due to the limited number of ichthyoplankton, adult fish, and crab sites we did not
quantitatively investigate relationships between sampling results and physical/chemical
stressors. Additionally, data were collected using multiple methods that could bias results
GEI Consultants, Inc. 26 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
and affect statistical assumptions. Regardless, general conclusions on the distribution can be
made using the available data. Generally, transects near the lower (Gowanus Bay) and upper
(flushing tunnel) canal reaches had the greatest densities of ichthyoplankton, adult fish, and
crab. The greatest number of adult fish species (3) were found in transects near Gowanus
Bay and in Transect N. Additionally, the greatest relative adult fish density (measured by
respective CPUE) was found in upper reaches of the canal. The greatest crab diversity and
density was found in Transect C, which is relatively close to the flushing tunnel.
These results support that the Gowanus Bay and flushing tunnel could be potential sources
for larval and adult fish sampled in the canal. However, these results also support that except
for the bay, the ecological community is dependant upon the operation of the flushing tunnel.
Additionally, improvements in water quality associated with tidal or tunnel exchange could
influence distribution of mobile fish and crab species within the canal. These results are
similar to those made by other researchers, which concluded that D.O. levels are thought to
be a limiting factor in the epibenthic macroinvertebrate populations.
5.4 Analyses of Trends in the Benthic Community
5.4.1 Cluster Analyses
Cluster analysis (group average of Euclidean distances) was performed on community
composition (presence/absence) data (Hintze, 2003) using only the Ponar collected dataset.
The H-D dataset was not separately analyzed due to the limited number of canal sites
sampled that could be matched to GEI transects.
When only the benthic invertebrate data from benthic samples were clustered, results
effectively demonstrate that the benthic invertebrate community can be broken into 5 distinct
clusters, with dissimilarity between clusters ≥55 percent (Figure 8). These five clusters were
further evaluated to determine if additional trends within the invertebrate community could
be identified.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 27 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Site
Ponar U Cluster 1
Ponar J
Ponar N Cluster 2
Ponar W
Ponar G
Ponar 7
Ponar D
Cluster 3
Ponar P
Ponar A
Ponar 4
Ponar R
Ponar 6
Cluster 4
Ponar Z
Ponar Y
Cluster 5
Ponar AA
1.00 0.75 0.50 0.25 0.00
Dissimilarity
Figure 8: Cluster analysis, based from benthic invertebrate presence/absence data, of
transects from benthic samples collected in Gowanus Canal. Five distinct clusters
were identified with respect to dissimilarity between clusters ≥55%.
Cluster 1 contained only one transect. No invertebrates were found in samples from Transect
U making it the least diverse of all clusters. Cluster 2, which included Transects N, J, and W,
had few Nematoda and Oligochaeta, with no other taxa. Cluster 3 contained more transects
than any other cluster, Transects A, D, G, P, R, 4th St, and 7th St. This cluster had more
Nematoda and Oligochaeta than Cluster 2, but included Capitella capitata (Polychaete) and
three species of amphipods, which were not identified at any other transects. This was the
second most diverse cluster. Transect Z and the 6th Street basin was represented in Cluster
4. Cluster 4 was dominated by Nematoda, Oligochaeta, and Polychaeta (multiple species).
More nematodes and oligochaetes were identified in Cluster 4 transects than any other
cluster. Organic matter and sand (30 percent) is present at the 6th street basin and may be
responsible for the community composition. The USACE sampled adjacent to the pier at
Transect Z and therefore more marine polychaetes would be expected. Cluster 5 was most
diverse. When Transects Y and AA were condensed, 15 taxa were identified. Most of these
taxa were Nematoda, Oligochaeta, and Polychaeta, but a few Mollusca (mussels/snails) and
Decapoda (crabs) were also found. In summary, transects were grouped (clustered) with
respect to increasing species or taxa richness.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 28 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Using the clustered invertebrate communities we investigated trends in chemical and
physical datasets that matched the grouped transects. No clear cut relationships were
identified between cluster condensed metrics and chemical stressors in the sediments,
possibly a result of the already low number of taxa present and indicating a stressed
community.
Although chemical stressor relationships were poor, clustered results seemed to be correlated
with physico-chemical conditions (Figure 9), such as temperature, salinity, D.O., and
substrate particle size. These data were collected concurrently with invertebrate sampling
and best reflect the physical condition of the Gowanus Canal when invertebrate communities
were sampled. Clusters 3 and 5, which had the greatest species richness, also contained
gravel sized particles. Cluster 5 contains transects closest to Gowanus Bay. Cluster 1, which
had no species present, had high percent silt and clay relative to the more diverse sites.
Lower temperature, higher salinity, and higher D.O. were all associated with greater species
richness. In total, these results indicate that within the impoverished, organic pollution
tolerant invertebrate community able to inhabit Gowanus Canal, physical habitat condition
has more of an influence on resulting species richness than chemical stressors.
Lower Higher Lower Lower
Diversity Temp Salinity D.O.
Cluster 1 – Transect U 0
2
Cluster 2 – Transects N, J, and W
5
Cluster 3 – Transects A, D, G,
P, R, 4th St, and 7th St
9
Cluster 4 – Z and 6th St
15
Cluster 5 – Transects Y and AA
Greater Lower Higher Higher
Diversity Temp Salinity D.O.
Figure 9: Comparison of species richness (combined number of taxa) of cluster analysis
groupings with concurrently based water quality data.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 29 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
5.5 Comparison to Gowanus Canal “Flushing Tunnel Study”
The flushing tunnel was re-activated in early March of 1999. To measure the effectiveness
of the flushing tunnel on restoring the canal’s benthic community, benthic organisms were
collected monthly from March 1999 through February 2000 by Hazen and Sawyer (2001) on
behalf of the New York City Department of Environmental Protection (NYCDEP). The
benthic sampling locations included Station 1) head of the canal, 2) 4th Street Turning basin,
3) Hamilton Avenue, and 4) mouth of Gowanus Bay. USACE data, represented by GEI
Transects A, J, and W/X, directly correlate to the NYCDEP Stations 1, 2, and 3 sampled in
1999. However, the USACE study did not place a transect in Gowanus Bay; therefore, no
comparisons is made to NYCDEP Station 4. USACE collected benthic organisms in April of
2003. Therefore, the February 2000 results of the NYCDEP survey were compared to the
USACE results to provide before and after comparison survey.
The NYCDEP results indicated that polychaete worms comprised 100 percent of the
organisms collected at Stations 2 and 3. Approximately 97 percent of the polychaete worms
were Capitella capitata. Approximately 3,600 organisms/m2 were collected at Station 3,
consisting of 8 species of polychaete worms (65 percent Capitella capitata). At Station No.
1, 15 percent of polychaete worms comprised the community in April 1999. The NYCDEP
survey concluded that the canal did not have a stable benthic community as of February
2000, in terms of the number of organisms and species. The presence of Capitella capitata
and Streblospio benedicti in high numbers represented a successional benthic community.
The macroinvertebrate results of the NYCDEP 1999-2000 survey were compared to USACE
study conducted in 2003, as summarized above. The purpose was to assess if the benthic
communities exhibited signs of recovery 5 years after the flushing tunnel’s re-activation.
Both NYCDEP and USACE sampling events used the same equipment, a petite Ponar grab
sampler. The processing of the benthic macroinvertebrate samples was also similar between
the NYCDEP survey and USACE 2003 sampling event. One difference between the studies
was the number of replicates sampled per site (two replicates for the USACE study vs. five
replicates in the NYCDEP study).
The mean number of benthic macroinvertebrate species (taxa) identified at the stations in the
2003 USACE sampling was again lower compared to 5 years earlier (Figure 11). However,
the USACE only collected two replicates per transect or benthic sample. At each NYCDEP
station, five replicate samples were collected. The number of replicates may account for a
portion of the temporal difference in canal species richness measurements.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 30 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
90000
80000
r
e
t
e 70000
m
q . 60000
s
r 50000
e
p
s 40000
m
s 30000
i
n
a
g 20000
r
O
10000
0
Station 1 Station 2 Station 3 Station 4 Transect A Transect J Transect W/X
2000 Sampling Event Results 2003 Sampling Event Results
Figure 10: Comparisons of density of benthic organisms (numbers per square meter) sampled
at the New York City Department of Environmental Protection stations to the
corresponding USACE (per GEI transects) data from 2003.
) 25
a
x
a
t
(
s 20
e
i
c
e
p
s 15
f
o
r
e
b 10
m
u
n
e
5
g
a
r
e
v
A 0
Station 1 Station 2 Station 3 Station 4 Transect A Transect J Transect W/X
2000 Sampling Event Results 2003 Sampling Event Results
Figure 11: Comparisons of mean number of species (taxa) for benthic organisms sampled at
the New York City Department of Environmental Protection stations to the
corresponding USACE (per GEI transects) data from 2003.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 31 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
In 2003, there was approximately a 50 percent decrease in the percentage of polychaetes at
Transect A when compared to Station 1 sampled in February 2000 (Figure 12). No
polychaetes were present in samples from the two other USACE 2003 transects in contrast to
February 2000, when polychaetes comprised a substantial proportion of the relative density.
s
e 100%
t
e
a 90%
h
c
y 80%
e p
ol
n
c
r
70%
ao
d f 60%
ny )
ut
bsi 50%
an
e e
vd 40%
a
t i al
elo t 30%
Rt
n t 20%
e
c
r 10%
e
p
s 0%
a Station 1 Station 2 Station 3 Station 4 Transect A Transect J Transect W/X
(
2000 Sampling Event Results 2003 Sampling Event Results
Figure 12: Comparisons of the relative abundance of polychaetes (as % total density) for
samples from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection stations
to the corresponding USACE (per GEI transects) data from 2003.
When comparing USACE 2003 benthic data to the NYCDEP February 2000 data using 3
benthic community metrics, the benthic macroinvertebrate communities throughout the canal
are not showing signs of recovery and it appears the communities have further degraded
since February 2000.
5.5.1 Comparisons to Other Regional Benthic Community Studies
Benthic invertebrates communities found in the Gowanus Canal were compared to other
regional studies that assessed the benthic communities within New York Harbor and nearby
waters. The objectives were to:
1. Identify if there are any similarities between the canal communities with other
impaired or stressed communities in the New York Harbor system in terms of species
composition or biotic metrics measuring impacts to the communities.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 32 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
2. Determine if the impairment to the NY Harbor benthic communities were attributed
to chemical stressors or physical habitats that were documented in sediments.
3. Make interferences with other harbor studies that investigated the effects of organic
enrichment associated with sewage on marine benthic communities.
GEI’s evaluation of the benthic invertebrate community structure using the USACE species
data revealed that the communities are impaired to various degrees. Observations of the
Gowanus Canal benthic communities included:
• Oligochaeta was the most abundant family found in the USACE benthic samples.
This family is ubiquitous in distribution and as a group prefers soft substrates
(Barnes, 1978). Oligochaetes are an important indicator of pollution because of
their tolerance to organic enrichment. In enriched or oxygen-deficient areas, there
are typically high densities of oligochaetes. Virginian Province Environmental
Monitoring Assessment Program (EMAP) uses the number of oligochaetes per
sampling event to assess environmental stress (EPA, 2000).
• In GEI’s benthic community analysis, Streblospio benedicti was primarily found
in Cluster 4 and Capitella was found in Cluster 3 and 4. EMAP also considers
Capitella as a pollution indicative organism (EPA, 2000). Capitellids are
particularly tolerant to organic pollution (Olson and Fredick 1967). In the canal,
species richness was comprised primarily of polychaete worms. These
invertebrates generally prefer the soft, muddy substrates. Polychaete distributions
and dominance patterns are used as indicators of pollution (Olson and Fredick,
1967).
• Nematods are nearly ubiquitous in their distribution in the canal and have
widespread ecological preferences and pollution tolerances.
Causes for the impairment within the five different clusters identified in Figure 8 using
cluster analysis, which included elevated ambient water temperature, low D.O. in water
(Figure 9), and poor substrate for colonization (high silt content and total organic carbon).
These results are similar to findings from studies of nearby systems, as summarized below.
5.5.1.1 Adams et al., 1998 Sediment Quality of the NY/NJ Harbor System
As noted earlier, GEI’s assessment demonstrated that non-PAH chemicals exceeded
sediment benchmarks at a significantly higher frequency than PAHs (Figure 1) in Gowanus
Canal. Additionally, benthic community compositions within the canal showed that
sewage/organic pollution tolerant organisms dominate the canal benthic communities.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 33 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Because only impaired communities were found in the canal, a reference community was not
available to directly evaluate the possible causal relationships between sediment
contamination and benthic community metrics in the Gowanus Canal. However, as part of a
EPA REMAP study, Adams et al. (1998) identified non-impaired benthic communities in the
NY Harbor system. They determined that 3 benthic metrics, abundance (decrease), species
richness (decrease), and percent pollution tolerant species (increase), could be correlated to
sediment chemistry when 6 or more chemicals exceeded National Oceanic Atmospheric
Administration ERMs. This was observed throughout the entire NY harbor system and each
of three subbasins (Upper Harbor, Lower Harbor, Jamaica Bay). This relationship was most
often found for 3 contaminants: chlordane, PCBs, and mercury.
A multi-metric benthic index of biotic integrity was developed for the NY Harbor and used
to determine benthic impacts. The six metrics used included species richness, species
diversity, biomass, percent abundance as pollution sensitive taxa, percent of abundance as
pollution-tolerant taxa, and percent of abundance as carnivores/omnivores. Measurable
benthic impacts were most widespread in Upper Harbor and Jamaica Bay. The distribution
of individual stations with impacted benthos shows the most highly impacted sites were in
the backbay of Jamaica Bay.
REMAP noted that pollution tolerant species were common in the backbay portion of
Jamaica Bay, which is in the vicinity of 26th Ward Point Waste Water Treatment Plant. The
REMAP’s Jamaica Bay results showed evident pollution influence on benthic structure was
associated with total organic carbon. Figure 13 compares the average number of taxa
measured for Gowanus Canal transects compared to the 3 REMAP basins.
When the relative numbers of pollution tolerant taxa are compared to REMAP sites (Figure
14), Gowanus Canal is quite similar to two of the three REMAP sites, including Jamaica
Bay. Together these results indicate that the number of species in the Gowanus invertebrate
community is very low, even when compared to local impaired communities, while the
species that are present have a similar pollution tolerance.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 34 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
25
REMAP
Study Sites
a 20
x
a
sT
e
s
o f
Ri c h n m b e r 15
s u
eN 10
ci
e
eg
pa
Sr
e
v 5
A
0
A D G J N P R U W Y Z
A
A
4t h
St.
6t h
St.
7t h
St.
H ar b
or
W W T
P)
H ar b
or
Transect
U p p
er
a
B a y
(
L o w
er
c
ai
m
a
J
Figure 13: Gowanus Canal transect specific average number of taxa compared to local
communities. The upper New York Harbor, lower New York Harbor, and Jamaica
Bay Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) data from the EPA’s Regional
Environmental Monitoring and Assessment Program (REMAP) study.
80
70
t 60
n
a
r
ol e 50
T
n 40
o
ti
u
oll 30
P
% 20
10
0
A D G J N P R U W Y Z
A
A
4t h
St.
6t h
St.
7t h
St.
H ar b
or
W W T
P)
H ar b
or
Transect
U p p
er
a
B a y
(
L o w
er
c
ai
m
a
J
Figure 14: Gowanus Canal transect specific percent pollution tolerant taxa compared to local
communities. The upper New York Harbor, lower New York Harbor, and Jamaica
Bay Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) data from the EPA’s Regional
Environmental Monitoring and Assessment Program (REMAP) study.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 35 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
REMAP found that the estimated prevalence of high toxicant concentrations (i.e., sediments
with one or more toxicant concentrations exceeding ERM values) was consistent with the
estimates of areas with impacted benthos. However, sediments from only a relatively small
area of the Harbor (15 percent) caused reduced laboratory survival of A. abdita. The
REMAP study found that metals present at > ERM were most often associated with A. abdita
toxicity for the Harbor system. GEI conducted a similar evaluation using USACE A. abdita
toxicity testing results (percent survival) and 2005 sediment data. Nine natural log
transformed variables, mostly metals, demonstrated a statistically significant negative
relationship with percent survival (Table 1).
The REMAP studies indicated that the sediment toxicity test was a less sensitive indicator of
sediment quality than ERM sediment chemistry concentration evaluations or invertebrate
community structure. These findings indicated that benthic structure was measurably
impacted, and was predictable by chemical contamination, before acute toxicity of A. abdita
became evident. Given both ERM exceedances and A. abita toxicity were significant in
Gowanus Canal, this confirms the findings of impaired benthic communities in the canal.
5.5.1.2 Benthic Habitats of New York/ New Jersey Harbor
A survey of benthic habitats was conducted in Jamaica Bay, Upper Bay, Newark Bay,
Bowery Bay, and Flushing Bay (Iocco, et al. 2000). The objective of the survey was to map
benthic (bottom) habitats in New York/New Jersey Harbor in a geographic information
system (GIS) using sediment profiling imagery (SPI) and grab sampling. The maps
developed identified benthic habitat types and their distribution, and were used to document
habitat variability.
In October 1994, the USACE began collecting these data using traditional benthic sampling
methods and SPI remote sensing techniques. The habitat classification system was
developed for New York/New Jersey Harbor and was based on sediment type and observed
faunal assemblages. Twenty-one habitat classes were identified in this study. Figure 15
compares species richness per Gowanus Canal transect to the 4 bays that were sampled in the
benthic habitat study. The species richness found at the canal transects were less than the
species richness for all 4 bays.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 36 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
30
25
a
x
a
T
f 20
o
r
e
b
m 15
u
N
e
g 10
a
r
e
v
A 5
0
A D G J N P R U W Y Y Z
A
A
A
A
A
A
4t h
St.
4t h
St.
6t h
St.
7t h
St.
Fl u s hi n
g
B a
y
B o w er
y
B a
y
B a y ( W
W
T
P)
U p p
er
B a
y
Transect a
c
ai
m
a
J
Figure 15: Comparison of species richness at transects in Gowanus Canal with New York/New
Jersey Harbor bays sampled by USACE in 1994 (Iocco et al, 2000).
In general, the benthic habitat survey found that benthic habitats in each bay were dominated
by opportunistic or organic pollution tolerant species. Oligochaetes were often identified in
the survey and are an indicator of pollution because of their tolerance to organic enrichment.
They were also living in the sediment of the Gowanus Canal. The average number of
oligochaetes was calculated for each of the 4 bays (Flushing Bay, Bowery Bay, Jamaica Bay,
and Upper Bay) and compared to the canal (Figure 16). Nine transects within Gowanus
Canal had stations where oligochaetes were more abundant when compared to the four bays.
Because Streblospio benedicti was one of the polychaetes species identified both the NY/NJ
harbor survey and in Gowanus Canal, GEI compared the abundances of S. benedicti found at
the different canal transects to the abundances of this species reported in the 4 bay areas
(Figure 17). The polychaete worm, S. benedicti, can survive in highly enriched sediments
because it has gills that protrude a few hundred micrometers (µm) from the sediment-water
interface. The data indicates that some individuals of S. benedicti have been able to colonize
some sections of the canal, but not all. The number of individuals in the canal is still lower
than the four other bays. In the NY/NJ harbor survey, polychaete distributions and
dominance patterns were often used as indicators of pollution, as many species (including
S. benedicti) are relatively tolerant to high levels of pollution. Pollution-tolerant polychaetes
remain in areas where more sensitive species have left or died. Recolonization by most
polychaetes can occur in less than a month, but some studies have indicated that several
months to a year may be needed.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 37 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
140
a
e t 120
a
h
c
o 100
g
Oli
f 80
o
r
e
b 60
m
u
N
e
40
g
a
e r 20
v
A
0
A D G J N P R U W Y Y Z
A
A
A
A
A
A
4t h
St.
4t h
St.
6t h
St.
7t h
St.
Fl u s hi n g B a
y
B o w er y B a
y
B a y ( W W T
P)
U p p er B a
y
Transect a
c
ai
m
a
J
Figure 16: Comparison of numbers of oligochaetes at transects in Gowanus Canal with New
York/New Jersey Harbor bays sampled by USACE in 1994 (Iocco et al, 2000).
ti 70
c
di
e 60
n
e
b
o 50
pi
s
o
bl 40
e
r
t
S
30
r
e
b
m
20
u
N
e
g 10
a
r
e
v 0
A
A D G J N P R U W Y Y Z
A
A
A
A
A
A
4t h
St.
4t h
St.
6t h
St.
7t h
St.
Fl u s hi n
g
B a
y
B o w er
y
B a
y
B a y ( W
W
T
P)
U p p
er
B a
y
Transect a
c
ai
m
a
J
Figure 17: Comparison of numbers of the polychaete worm, Streblospio benedicti, at transects
in Gowanus Canal with New York/New Jersey Harbor bays sampled by USACE in
1994 (Iocco et al, 2000).
GEI Consultants, Inc. 38 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
5.5.1.3 Gallagher, 1998 Organism-Sediment-Contaminant Interactions in Boston Harbor
Benthic community monitoring is being conducted by Massachusetts Water Resource
Authority as part of its outfall monitoring program. A study was conducted that investigated
benthic communities of Boston Harbor and their relationship to contaminants and organic
enrichment observed in the harbor. The major effect of pollution on Boston Harbor
community structure is that species, normally found only in intertidal or low salinity habitats,
dominate Boston Harbor’s contaminated subtidal habitats. In addition, the most
contaminated sediments contain high frequency of several polychaete worms (Capitella).
Capitella were found in only the most organically enriched sediments. Many subtidal areas
of Boston Harbor were dominated by oligochaete worms, and the spionid polychaetes, S.
benedicti and Polydora cornuta. This would be a typical benthic community if salinities
were low (15 to 20 parts per thousand [ppt]) or variable, but it is highly atypical for the high
salinities (about 28 ppt) found in Boston Harbor.
A high frequency of Capitella or S. benedicti in Boston Harbor’s sub tidal sediments is a
strong indicator of organic enrichment or contamination. In Gowanus Canal, Capitella was
present at 13 of 28 transects sampled by USACE. Capitella rarely occurs in high numbers
with other species; thus, the other 15 transects where Capitella was not present might be due
to competition by other species such as spionids. The polluted end point of organic
enrichment gradient is identified by either highly organic, fine sediment with low numbers of
organisms (i.e., Cluster 1 at Transect U of the canal noted above) or a community dominated
with high frequency of Capitella (Clusters 3, representing Transects A, D, G, P, R, 4th St,
and 7th St, and Cluster 4, representing Transect Z and the 6th Street basin). The next
successional stage in organically enriched in subtidal areas that will replace Capitella include
S. benedicti, P. cornuta, and oligochaetes.
5.6 Comparisons to Sediment Contaminants
To investigate trends in the extant invertebrate community with respect to chemical stressors,
invertebrate metrics were compared to GEI sediment data. No biologically significant
conclusions could be made when invertebrate metrics were compared to GEI sediment data.
Nematode and Oligochaete abundances drove most all of the invertebrate metric endpoints
and most trends were positive, indicating that the increasing concentrations of contaminants
were correlated to greater invertebrate density and species richness. These contradictory
results might be due to the low invertebrate richness resulting from the chemical stressors
noted earlier, limiting identification of a true response. Species that are present are tolerant
to organic pollution and it is likely that the community does not respond to contamination in
the same manner as would a more diverse and sensitive assemblage.
A total of 54 contaminants and 7 habitat variables from the 2006 GEI sediment sampling
analyte results were regressed against total density, diversity (H’), number of taxa, nematode
GEI Consultants, Inc. 39 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
abundance, oligochaete abundance, and Capitellidae abundance. For this analysis, both
benthic and epibenthic invertebrate communities were combined and normalized to the
“family” level of identification to allow use of the most diverse list of taxa. Contaminant and
physical parameter results were natural log normalized to better meet normality assumptions.
Diversity and total number of taxa were positively correlated with BTEX compounds, and
Capitellidae abundance was negatively correlated. Total density, number of taxa, nematode
abundance, and oligochaete abundance were positively correlated with every PAH. The
relationship was statistically significant for number of taxa vs. PAH results only. Diversity
was negatively correlated with all of the PAHs, but none were statistically significant. Total
density, nematode abundance and oligochaete abundance were positively correlated with
sediment metal results, but this relationship was only statistically significant between select
metals and oligochaete abundance. Nematode and oligochaete abundance were positively
correlated with PCBs and pesticides. No clear or consistent patterns were identified in
diversity and Capitellidae abundance with respect to metal concentration.
In summary, nematode and oligochaete abundances appear to be driving the total density and
number of taxa biological endpoints, as all four metrics show similar relationships with
contaminant results. Nematode and oligochaete seem to be tolerant of most all contaminants,
with the exception of benzene. On the other hand, Capitellidae abundance seems to be the
least tolerant of most all of the contaminants, with the exception of a few PAHs and metals.
Diversity seems to be sensitive to PAHs, but no consistent patterns were identified with other
contaminants.
To investigate physical habitat influences on the extant invertebrate community, we also
compared abundance of abundant invertebrate taxa to 2006 matched transect data. The
Corophiidae and the Capitellidae abundances were positively correlated with percent sand.
Average number of taxa was negatively correlated with fine grained sediments (percent silt
and clay). Interestingly, the opposite relationship was found between density and fine
sediments. These results are consistent with REMAP comparisons, in that the invertebrate
species richness is independent from species abundances. Gravel was rarely observed in
Gowanus sediments, but at transects in which it was measured species richness was generally
greater. These relationships between physical habitat and invertebrate metrics support our
cluster analysis results that identified habitat conditions as the probable drivers in Gowanus
Canal invertebrate communities.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 40 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
6.0 Summary and Conclusions
In conclusion, results from this study support that sediments are toxic due to multiple
chemical stressors. These stressors include metals, PCBs, pesticides, and to a lesser extent
PAHs. Using water quality standards and sediment benchmarks, established to protect fish
survival, we were able to identify the frequency and predict the magnitude of toxicity of
water column and surficial sediments to aquatic organism. Although PAHs had little impact
on water quality, the magnitude of potential impacts in sediments from chemical stressors
was substantial, even without considering PAHs. Outfalls were also identified as a
potentially significant source of sediment contamination from metals, pesticides, and PCBs.
The predicted toxicity of canal sediments was validated in laboratory toxicity testing, with
clear relationships seen between test organism mortality and non-PAH contaminants.
Analyses investigating invertebrate abundance and richness metrics with respect to reference
sites from other waters, sediment contamination, and habitat revealed that the Gowanus
Canal invertebrates are severely limited.
Fish and crab were also observed in the canal. The fish community was dominated by
migratory species that are common in the Harbor and Mid-Atlantic estuaries, suggesting that
the habitat necessary to support a non-migratory resident fish community may not be present.
The distributions of larval fish, adult fish, and crabs within the canal seemed to correlate with
proximity to the flushing tunnel or Gowanus Bay. This observation supports that the
Gowanus Bay and flushing tunnel could be potential sources for larval and adult fish sampled
in the canal. Additionally, improvements in water quality associated with tidal or tunnel
exchange could influence distribution of mobile fish and crab species within the canal. These
results are similar to those made by original researchers, which concluded that D.O. levels
are thought to be a limiting factor in the epibenthic macroinvertebrate populations.
To establish the ecological condition of the Gowanus Canal with respect to temporal, local,
and regional data, we compared our results to referenced conditions reported by other
researchers. When we investigated potential flushing tunnel benefits it was clear that the
benthic macroinvertebrate communities throughout the canal are not showing signs of
recovery and it appears the communities have further degraded since February 2000. When
Gowanus canal sites were compared to local impaired REMAP sites, results indicated that
the number of species in the Gowanus invertebrate community is very low while the species
that are present have a similar pollution tolerance. When Gowanus Canal benthic
macroinvertebrate communities were compared to regionally conducted surveys,
successional distributions of oligochaetes and polychaetes were identified. High numbers of
oligochaetes and low numbers of polychaetes further support that organic enrichment from
sewage/CSO discharges in the canal results in a opportunistic or pollution tolerant
invertebrate community.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 41 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
In summary, the current Gowanus Canal ecology is very limited by a combination of
chemical contamination, organic (sewage) pollution, and poor physical habitat, much of
which could be artifacts of CSO effluent impacts.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 42 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
7.0 References
Adams. D., J.S. OConnor, and S.B. Weisberg 1998 Sediment Quality of the NY/NJ Harbor
System An Investigation under the Regional Environmental Monitoring and Assessment
Program. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR). 2002. Toxicological Profile
for Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate. Update. Atlanta, GA: U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Public Health Service.
AquaSurvey, Inc. November 2005. Technical Report on the Sampling and Testing of
Sediment from the Gowanus Canal, Brooklyn, NY. Prepared for AMEC Earth and
Environmental. Somerset, NJ. (included as Appendix D of DMA and AMEC Report).
Barnes, H. 1978, Oceanography and Marine Biology, An Annual Review Volume 16
Aberdeen University Press
Bousfield, E. L. 1973. Shallow-water Gammaridean Amphipoda of New England.
Comstock Publ. Assoc., Ithaca, NY.
DMA, Inc. and AMEC Earth and Environmental, Inc. August 2006. Sediment Sampling
Report Gowanus Canal and Bay Ecosystem Restoration Project DACW51-03-D-0014.
Prepared for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. New York, New York.
Foster, N. 1976. Freshwater Polychaetes (Annelida) of North America. Water Pollution
Control Research Series 18050 ELD03/72, U. S. Environmental Protection Agency,
Cincinnati, OH.
Hazen and Sawyer, 2001. Water Quality and Biological Improvements After Reactivation of
the Gowanus Canal Flushing Tunnel.
Hintze, J. 2003. NCSS and PASS. Number Cruncher Statistical Systems, Kaysville, UT.
Iocco, L.E, P. Wilber, R.J. Diaz, D.G. Clarke, and R.J. Will, 2000, Benthic Habitats of New
York/New Jersey Harbor: 1995 Survey of Jamaica Bay, Upper, Newark, Bowery, and
Flushing Bays. Final Report October 2000.
Keyspan. 2005. KEYSPAN Memorandum: Work Plan for Sediment Sampling within the
Gowanus Canal. June.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 43 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Kropp, R.K. and R.J. Diaz. 1995. Infaunal community changes in Boston Harbor, 1991-1994.
MWRA Enviro. Quality Dept. Tech. Rpt. Series No. 95-21. Massachusetts Water
Resources Authority, Boston, MA 94 pp.
Lawler, Matusky, and Skelly Engineers, LLP. November 2004. Gowanus Bay and Canal
Ecosystem Restoration Studies: Fish and Epibenthic Invertebrate Sampling Program.
Prepared for Lawler, Matusky and Skelly Engineers, LLP. Pearl River, New York.
Long, E.R., MacDonald, D.D., Smith, S.L., and F.D. Calder. 1995. Incidence of adverse
biological effects within ranges of chemical concentrations in marine and estuarine
sediments. Environmental Management 19(1):81-97.
Moore, D.E., Bridges, T.S., Gray, B.R., and B.M., Duke. 1996. Risk of ammonia toxicity
during sediment bioassays with estuarine amphipod Leptocheirus plumulosus.
Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry. 16(5):1020-1027.
New York State Department Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC), 1999. Technical
Guidance for Screening Contaminated Sediments. Division of Fish, Wildlife, and Marine
Resources.
Olson, T.A., Fredick, J. B. 1967. Pollution and Marine Ecology. Interscience Publishers.
New York.
Smith, D. G. 2001. Pennak’s Freshwater Invertebrates of the United States, 4th edition.
John Wiley and Sons, New York, NY.
Smith, R.L. 1991. Guidance on Handling Chemical Concentration Data Near the Detection
Limit in Risk Assessments. Technical Guidance Manual. EPA Region 3.
Division of Water. 1998. Technical Guidance and Operational Guidance Series (1.1.1).
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE). August 2003. Gowanus Canal Benthic Sampling
Data Documentation, Gowanus Canal, New York.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). 1990. Guidance for Data Usability in Risk
Assessment. EPA/540/G-90/008.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). 2000.Estuarine and Coastal Marine Waters:
Bioassessment and Biocriteria Technical Guidance. Office of Water. Office of Science
and Technology.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 44 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Voshell, J.R. 2002, A guide to Common Freshwater Invertebrates of North America,
McDonald and Woodward Publishing Company, Blacksburg, Virginia.
GEI Consultants, Inc. 45 December 2009
Chadwick Ecological Division Gowanus Canal Ecological Report
Appendix A
Data Sources and Management Protocols.
Figure A-1: Previous Investigation Sample Location Summary.
A-1
2006 Sediment Data
The 2006 sediment data was collected by GEI along transects established in the Gowanus
Canal. These data were collected at all sediment depths. Because we are interested in
ecological effects of sediment exposure, only surficial sediments (0-3 ft) were analyzed.
Benthic (bottom-dwelling) organisms would not be expected to inhabit deeper sediments.
The 0 to 3 ft sediment sampling depth interval is consistent with reference burrowing depths
for Boston Harbor deep burrowing organisms (Kropp and Diaz, 1995).
To extrapolate surficial sediments from the entire 2006 sediment dataset, we averaged the
lower and upper sediment sample depth that was recoded for samples 1 through 103. Using
this average depth value, each sediment sample was coded into three depth categories (1 = 0-
3 ft, 2 = 3.1-11 ft, and 3 = > 11.1 ft).
Once the 0 to 3 ft interval surficial sediment dataset was extracted, data identifiers were
managed. For example, coded text data identifiers define if the results were an estimated
value (J) and/or undefined (U). To develop a working dataset with measured values we
removed the U, J, and UJ codes when in the same cell as the analytical results. The data with
J identifiers (“estimated value”) were deleted from working datasets, but were kept in raw
datasets. All data with UJ and U codes were changed to have a “less than” (<) symbol.
Modified identifiers were placed into a separate column (labeled “Sign”) directly to the left
of the respective contaminant value column. Duplicate sediment results were averaged so
that one set of contaminant results represented a single sample station. There were 7
duplicate water quality samples in the 2006 sediment dataset.
To produce a robust dataset with measured values for as many variables and sites as possible,
we performed a screening protocol. Screening consisted of manipulating non-detect values
and deleting unreasonably high non-detect values from further analyses. Because this
screening process involved the consideration of measured values found within a particular
contaminant, only non-detects from significantly robust contaminants were manipulated.
Robust contaminants consisted of measured values for most of the samples. It was important
to identify the range in which contaminants were being measured to justify manipulating
non-detect values. If a non-detect value was found reasonable, with respect to other
measured values, it was retained, divided in half, and an H was placed in the “sign” column
next to the new value. If the value was unreasonably high when compared to measured
values, even after dividing in half, it was deleted and a D was placed into the respective
“sign” column. Results from these data screens provided a subset of significant (or “data
robust”) variables with measured results that spanned all transects. It is important to note
that manipulating non-detect values was not performed on all contaminants, but only for
contaminants that were found at measurable levels at most sites.
A-2
After screening the database and transforming non-detect values, all remaining contaminant
values from all samples were condensed into single values for each respective transect. This
consisted of averaging the two-to-three samples taken from each transect into a single
transect value. Because this methodology involved condensing measured, estimated, or
retained non-detect values, a condensation protocol was developed. All measured values
were averaged. If all values for a particular contaminant were non-detects, the average non-
detect value was used for respective contaminant/transect entries. When one or more
measured values were found along with non-detect values for a contaminant within a
transect, the non-detect value was ignored and the measured value or average of each
measured value was represented in the transect. This method of condensing the raw data into
a single value for each transect yielded the most robust dataset with respect to measured
values. Additionally, spatially normalizing all data to a specific transect was needed to
successfully compare historic sediment, water quality, toxicity test, and biological datasets.
Screened and organized 2006 sediment data can be found in the attached tables. Two
datasets are presented. The non-condensed surficial sediment dataset shows all UJ's and U's
that were changed to a "<" and transformed non-detect value denoted with an “H”. The
second is a working dataset that contains transect-condensed results, without the identifier
codes, and has a value in each transect for robust contaminants.
2006 Water Quality Data
The 2006 water quality data was collected by GEI along the same transects established in the
2006 sediment dataset. These data were collected at two depths, surface and at the sediment
water column interface. The 2006 water quality data was screened and organized similar to
the 2006 sediment data, with respect to screening and condensation into single values for
each transect. For the water quality data, however, surface and bottom collected samples
were kept separate. The 2006 water quality datasets are presented in the attached tables,
similar to the 2006 sediment dataset.
2005 Sediment Data
The 2005 sediment data was obtained from available published reports. DMA, Inc. (2006)
collected sediment cores on behalf of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) using a
Vibracore device. Samples were collected at 10 locations within the canal in September
2005, with locations chosen to fill data gaps in the understanding of sediment quality. Site
locations ranged from the upstream portion of the Gowanus canal to below the Carrol
Gardens/Public Place MGP site (but above the Metropolitan MGP site). Nine of the sites
were previous (2003) USACE locations. Samples were analyzed for metals, semi-volatile
organic compounds (SVOCs), polychlorinated biphenyl’s (PCBs), pesticides, grain size, and
total organic carbon (TOC) (See contaminant matrix, attached).
A-3
The 2005 sediment data from DMA, Inc (2006) were entered into an Excel spreadsheet.
These historic sediment data were then organized into transects and matched to the nearest
GEI transect. When more than one sample was placed into a single transect, analytical
results were averaged similarly to that described above, except that no transformation of non-
detect results was performed when preparing the datasets. Additionally, the 2005 sediment
dataset results were converted from parts per billion (micrograms per kilogram [µg/kg]) to
parts per million (milligrams per kilogram [mg/kg]) units, to normalize all datasets to similar
measurement units. Similar to the GEI sediment and water quality datasets, two 2005
sediment datasets are presented below. The raw dataset comprises the data entered into the
Excel file as organized in the original report. The second is a working dataset, with results
matched to GEI transect locations and normalized to like measurement units.
We investigated, but did not use, analytical sediment data collected by the USACE in 2003.
Those sediment data were sampled at multiple depths. Once categorized into depth
categories, we found that only two samples were collected from surficial (0-3 ft) sediments.
Due to this limited surficial sampling results, the 2003 USACE sediment data was not used in
our investigations.
Outfall Effluent Data
Outfall effluent water quality data were collected by GEI during a dry weather event between
August 2 and 11, 2006. After reconnaissance to locate potential outfalls, combined sewer
outfalls (CSOs) and unmarked outfalls were sampled. A total of 56 outfalls were sampled.
When an outfall was actively discharging into the canal above the waterline, a water sample
was collected. This sample is representative of effluent. When an outfall discharged below
the water line, its activity was unknown. Even though a snap jar was used to collect a
subsurface water sample directly in the zone of effluent, the sample may have still
represented a mix of effluent and canal water, if the outfall was flowing. Because of these
uncertainties, only data from actively flowing outfalls sampled above the waterline were used
in our analyses. This greatly reduced our database size to 11 outfalls, one of which was a
CSO.
Using location notes and field technician assistance, each sample was matched to the nearest
GEI transect. These data were organized and presented in the attached tables as for all other
datasets. It is important to note that it was not necessary to screen results and all data is
presented as original measured values.
Sediment Toxicity Tests
Sediment toxicity tests were conducted on behalf of the USACE by AquaSurvey, Inc. (2005)
and are presented in the DMA (2006) report. AquaSurvey, Inc. tested the toxicity of the
sediments collected in September 2005 using the amphipod Ampelisca abdita in a 10-day
A-4
exposure, solid phase (whole sediment) bioassay. Five replicate chambers with 20 organisms
each were used to characterize the toxicity of each sediment sample. Control sediments and
test organisms were obtained from a reference site, Sandy Hook, Atlantic Highlands, NJ.
The overlaying water was obtained from the Manasquan Inlet, Manasquan, NJ. Because of
initially high pore water ammonia concentrations, 9 of the 10 samples needed to be purged
via static renewal of overlying water until concentrations were below 20 mg/L.
A series of four static or static renewal tests were run, with one test conducted as a static
exposure test and the remaining three as static-renewal exposures. After 10 days of
exposure, live count data were documented, as well as water quality and physical parameters.
It is important to note that there was a discrepancy in the sediment toxicity testing report
where the site identification code for GC-26 was presumably mislabeled as GC-23. This was
corrected in our final toxicity test dataset, so that each site was matched to the same sediment
sample analytical results.
Toxicity test results, water quality conditions, and notes are summarized in the toxicity test
dataset found in the attached tables. Information on each of the 10 toxicity tests was
recorded into the dataset.
Biological Data
Three separate biological datasets were utilized in our investigations of the Gowanus Canal
ecology. These datasets included data from 1) benthic, or bottom-dwelling, invertebrate
communities, 2) water-column colonizing, or epibenthic invertebrate communities, and 3)
fish trawl and fish/crab trap sampling efforts. Similar to the 2005 sediment data, raw data
were obtained from published Gowanus Canal sampling reports. A brief summary of each of
the datasets are provided below.
Benthic Invertebrate Community
A total of 29 Gowanus Canal and Bay benthic macroinvertebrate sampling sites were
established by the USACE (2003). Station locations were recorded by GIS technology and
latitude/longitude coordinates were provided. Sampling was conducted on April 29 and 30
2003. Invertebrates were collected using a petite Ponar benthic sampler. Two replicate
benthic grab samples were taken at by 28 Gowanus Canal or Bay stations and one control
sample (no location given). Each sample was sealed in a 5 gallon bucket and sent to Atlantic
Reference Centre, New Brunswick, Canada, for analysis. Limited Hydrolab measured water
quality parameters were recorded at each sample location.
Results for each sample were provided. Values represented sample abundances for each
taxon. Provided latitude/longitude coordinates were used to identify site locations with
respect to GEI established transects locations. A total of 19 USACE sites were matched to
A-5
15 GEI transects. Gowanus Bay and unidentified site locations were not matched to transects
and were discarded from further analyses.
For community cluster analyses, results from each replicate and sites within each transect
were added. Few transects contained data from more than one site. Transect AA contained
data from three USACE sites, Transect Y from two sites, and Transect 4th Street Turning
basin from two sites. The remaining 12 transects contained data from only one USACE sites.
Since clustering was done on a presence/absence basis, summed abundances from more
frequently sampled transect locations did not bias results but provided species assemblages
occurring at each transect location.
For all other analyses sample and replicate abundances were averaged. Therefore, each
transect invertebrate value is an average abundance for a representative benthic grab within
the transect location. Resultant values were kept as is (i.e. fractions) and were not rounded to
the nearest whole number.
Colonizing/Fouling Invertebrate Community
The second dataset was created from H-D colonized fouling community sampling. Fouling
community invertebrates were sampled at five locations in the Gowanus Canal and Bay using
H-D style samplers (Lawler et al. 2004). These artificial substrate samplers were set up in
October 2003 and collected at four time intervals (Table A-1). Three samplers placed at each
location, with one collected during each retrieval period to provide species identifications
and densities.
Each H-D sampler consisted of nine 3 x 3 inch settling plates separated by two, three, or five
1 inch diameters spacers. Samplers were suspended from the shoreline or a bulkhead below
the low tide mark. On the first survey in October, three samples were placed in each of the
five fixed stations. On each subsequent survey (December, March, and June) one sampler
from each station was retrieved, placed on ice, and returned to the laboratory for analysis.
Table A-1: Quarterly sample dates for the aquatic resource sampling component of the
Gowanus Bay and Canal Ecosystem Restoration Studies, October 2003 to June
2004 (Lawler et al. 2004).
Seasonal Sampling Period Sampling Dates # of Exposure Days
1 October 22 – 23 0
2 December 16 – 17 55
3 March 31 – April 1 161
4 June 2 – 3 224
Once in the laboratory each H-D sampler was immediately taken apart and plates were
placed in 10 percent formalin Rose Bengal solution for preservation. Each plate was scraped
clean and only whole organisms or parts with heads attached were counted. Organisms were
A-6
identified to the lowest taxonomic level practicable. Final abundance values were reported as
densities (number/m2).
Each H-D sampler site location was identified with respect to GEI established transect
locations. The five sampler locations were matched to four Gowanus Canal transects. The
remaining sampler location was in Gowanus Bay; therefore, it could not be matched to any
GEI transects. Since each sampler was exposed to canal water for different durations, data
were condensed into a single transect result. When H-D data were used in cluster analyses
total densities for each taxon were added within respective transects. Since cluster analyses
were conducted on a presence/absence basis, condensation results represented the total
number of species that colonized the sampler over the course of the three exposure durations.
As described above, clustering was done on a presence/absence basis; therefore, summed
abundances did not bias results but provided species assemblages occurring at each sample
location.
Fish and Crab Community
The third dataset was a combination of the ichthyoplankton (larval fish suspended in the
water column), adult fish, and crab trap data collected in 2003 through 2004 using trap nets
and trawl nets (Lawler et al. 2004). Results presented by the authors were matched to
respective transects. Similar results found for fish metrics between multiple transects
indicate that a trawl path covered more than one transect location. Crab traps were set for 24
hour period to provide catch per unit estimate (CPUE) data and species identifications. Since
these data were less robust and could not be easily matched to individual transects or abiotic
datasets, only qualitative summary results are presented.
Data Quality Assurance and Quality Control
Because extensive manipulation of raw data into working datasets was necessary, a quality
assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocol was established. Raw data from GEI
analytical analyses was assumed to be correct. Data identifiers were left in this Appendix
dataset so proofreaders could follow our data manipulation steps. Data manipulation steps
were left as Excel formulas so that data condensation manipulations could be easily checked.
Spot checks were conducted for roughly 20 percent of the data. If data discrepancies were
identified, then further spot checking and data validation steps were employed. Before and
after data were organized into statistical datasets, results were also subject to a QA/QC. For
data that were re-entered from report tables into Excel datasets, additional steps were taken to
ensure translation accuracy. This included double checking every entered value. These
protocols were performed by personnel that were not directly involved with creating the
datasets. All efforts were made to be as transparent as possible when creating all of the
report analyses datasets.
A-7
Statistical Analyses
Parametric and non-parametric statistical analyses were performed in our ecotoxicological
evaluation of the Gowanus Canal. The exact test or analysis conducted is explained in
greater detail when presented, but general guidelines are discussed here. As part of every
parametric statistical analysis, an “assumptions check” was conducted. The assumption of
equal variance and/or normality was often violated (graphically analyzed) and improved
upon after transformation of data. Data were assumed to be independent, within and between
groups being analyzed. Data were not randomly collected; therefore, our scope of inference
could not be extrapolated to processes occurring outside of the study area. For all analyses,
significance relies on a sample distribution test statistic and sample size, with an alpha level
of 0.05 used. All data analyses were conducted using NCSS 2004, SPSS 15.0, and
CANOCO 4.5 for Windows software packages.
In conjunction with specific statistical comparisons, we performed extensive exploratory data
analyses (EDA). These EDA were important in initial data investigation and organization
due to the large number of multivariate parameters associated with investigating relationships
between complex datasets.
Principal components analysis (PCA), all possible regression (APR), and Chi-squared
automatic interaction detection (CHAID) were all used to reduce respective dataset variables
to those that contribute the most variance, while retaining characteristics of the dataset. First,
PCA was used to find surrogates for variables that moved together. A list of 10 sediment and
water quality variables were identified (Table A-2) as surrogates for removed contaminant
variables (this analysis is important in reducing covariance between respective dependent
variables).
Table A-2: Variables identified by PCA as potential surrogates to explain the most variability in
each data set.
Biological Sediment WQ Habitat
Oligochaeta Fluoranthene BTEX Sed Depth
Capitellidae CarcPAHs Nitrate/Nitrite Sed Density
Spionidae PCBs Salinity
Total Density Chlordane
Average # of Sp Cadmium
H' Vanadium
APR was used to confirm PCA results by examining the variability that is explained by
addition of model parameters (model parameters were selected according to PCA results).
Regressions were performed for each robust invertebrate family or metric. CHAID was used
to find possible subsets or contingent relationships within the data. This analysis was not
robust to the limited invertebrate data and was not useful. The above PCA and APR analyses
were run two times, once with separate iterations for each dataset separately and once using a
combined sediment/WQ dataset. A Pearson Correlation coefficient matrix was created for
A-8
identified variables. Results backed up CCA results in identifying positive relationships
between Nematode/ Oligochaete abundance and identified variables and the opposite
relationship between other invertebrate metrics. It is important to note that potentially
significant relationships identified from EDA were backed up with appropriate parametric
tests before being presented in report results.
Exploratory Data Analyses - CCA
Canonical Correspondence Analysis (CCA) was used to analyze invertebrate family response
to sediment and WQ results. CCA results indicated that most all of the contaminant classes
are behaving similarly in the canal (i.e., all PAHs were similarly distributed with respect to
transect locations). CCA is a multivariate direct gradient analysis that is robust to skewed
species distributions, with quantitative noise in species abundance data, with samples taken
from unusual sampling designs, with highly intercorrelated environmental variables, and with
situations where not all of the factors determining species composition are known. Results
from this nonparametric multivariate screening analysis are in the form of bi-plots.
Interpretation of invertebrate family response to sediment and WQ results were made from
using bi-plot graphics.
CCA identified unique correlations between nematodes and oligochaetes, but not the other
invertebrate families or metrics. Many contaminants were positively correlated with
nematode and oligochaete abundance and the other invertebrate families showed little inverse
correlation between abundance and contaminant concentration (e.g., total invertebrate
abundance, nematodes, Gammarus, and oligochaetes were least sensitive to changes in
carcinogenic PAH concentrations and all other invertebrates were negatively correlated with
carcinogenic PAHs). These results directed our benthic invertebrate/contaminant statistical
analyses when investigating relationships between nematodes, oligochaetes, or similarly
robust invertebrate abundances and contaminant concentrations.
Derivation of Sediment Thresholds
For many contaminants, low and median toxic effect estimates derived from field studies
across the nation were used to as surrogate sediment screening benchmarks. The Effects
Range-Low (ERL) and Effects Range-Median (ERM) were established to indicate levels of
sediment contamination that can be tolerated by the majority benthic organisms. Long et al.
(1995) provide sediment threshold values for contaminants in marine and estuarine
sediments, as presented in Tables 3 and 4 of the New York State Department of
Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) Technical Guidance Document (1999). Briefly, if
the concentration is greater than the ERL but less than the ERM, the sediment is considered
to be “contaminated,” with moderate impacts to benthic life expected. If the concentration is
greater than the ERM, the sediment is “contaminated” and significant harm to benthic aquatic
life is anticipated (NYSDEC, 1999).
A-9
A number of contaminants do not have ERM values for evaluation of potential toxicity. New
York is unique in that the state’s Department of Environmental Conservation has developed a
contaminated-sediment screening technical guidance document (NYSDEC 1999). This
document developed sediment criteria based on the EPA equilibrium partitioning (EP)
model. The role of EP-based sediment criteria is for screening potentially contaminated
sediments, providing an initial assessment of possible adverse impacts.
EP-based sediment criteria are tied to water quality standards and guidance values.
Therefore, within the framework of New York State water quality regulations, sediment
criteria were derived according to the primary levels of protection for available Class SD
water quality standards or guidance values presented in Division of Water (1998).
Application of EP-based sediment criteria derivation is only suitable for non-polar organic
compounds, since derivation incorporates partitioning coefficient and organic carbon
normalization methodology. Because these criteria are normalized to sediment total organic
carbon (TOC), EP-based criteria can be thought of as site-specific sediment criteria (SSSC).
SSSC were derived using available Class SD water quality standards or guidance values.
The same chemical-specific Class SD values used in our water quality analyses were
multiplied by respective chemical octanol/water partitioning coefficients and an organic
carbon conversion factor to derive a TOC-normalized sediment criterion for each transect.
Identification of octanol/water partitioning coefficients (K ) was performed for each non-
o/w
polar organic compound using reference values primarily found in Schwarzenbach et al.
(2003) and the NYSDEC Technical Guidance Document (1999).
After applying the SSSC methodology we noticed unreasonably high Toxicity Quotients
(TQs) associated with chlordane, aldrin, and dieldrin results. For example the TQs for
dieldrin ranged from 2,227 to 298,687. These unreasonably high results might be an artifact
of low Class SD water quality standards that were used to derive the SSSC. Fortunately, the
NYSDEC Technical Guidance Document provided EPA ambient water quality criteria
derived default sediment criteria for these three pesticides. The default sediment standard for
chlordane (0.05 µg/gOC) was for acute toxicity protection of benthic aquatic life. The
aldrin/dieldrin default (0.1 µg/gOC) was for protection human health bioaccumulation.
These values were used in place of the K derived SSSC to derive TQs for these
o/w
contaminants. Application of these sediment standards did not change the number of transect
results that were over the criteria, but only changed the magnitude of respective TQs. These
criteria derived default TQs were integrated into the TQ datasets used in subsequent
statistical analyses. For a complete list and derivations steps of SSSC please refer to the
accompanying tables in this Appendix.
Derivation of Water Quality Thresholds
Class SD water quality standards or guidance values served as toxicity benchmarks for the
water quality data and were used to predict potential ecological harm when compared to
A-10
measured contaminant values. New York State defines water quality standards with respect
to classification of surface waters. Gowanus Canal is classified as Class SD saline surface
water; therefore, canal waters should be suitable for fish survival or “no acute toxicity.” It is
important to note that generally Class SD waters are not intended to protect for more
sensitive chronic toxicity endpoints such as fish propagation. For water quality screening
purposes, 15 Class SD standards, 10 guidance values, and four narrative standards were
compared to transect condensed measured water column analyte concentrations (Table A-3).
From these comparisons the frequency and magnitude, measured as TQs, of exceedances
were developed as above.
Table A-3: Class SD standards, guidance values, and narrative standards used to derive
percent exceedance and Toxicity Quotients.
Class SD
WQ
Class SD WQ Narrative Class
Contaminant Guidance Comments
Standards (µg/L) SD WQ Standards
Values
(µg/L)
Guidance value used
over standard due
Benzene 10 a 670 b
preference for fish
survival endpoint
Guidance value used
over standard due
Toluene 6000 a 430 b
preference for fish
survival endpoint
Ethylbenzene 41 b
Xylene 170 b
Acenaphthene 60 b
Fluorene 23 b
2-Methylnaphthalene 38 b
Naphthalene 140 b
Phenanthrene 14 b
Benzo[a]pyrene 0.0006 a
Aldrin 0.001 a
Alpha-
Benzenehexachloride 0.002 a
(BHC)
Beta-BHC 0.007 a
Delta – BHC 0.008 a
Epsilon – BHC 0.008 a
Gamma-BHC 0.008 a
Alpha-Chlordane 0.00002 a
Trans-Chlordane 0.00002 a
DDT, DDE, DDD (sum) 0.000011 e
Dieldrin 0.0000006 a
Endosulfan 0.034 b
Endrin 0.002 a
Heptachlor 0.0002 a
Heptachlor epoxide 0.0003 a
A-11
Class SD
WQ
Class SD WQ Narrative Class
Contaminant Guidance Comments
Standards (µg/L) SD WQ Standards
Values
(µg/L)
Toxaphene 0.07 b
PCBs total 0.00012 e
Copper 7.9 b
Lead 204 b
Mercury 0.0026 d
Nickel 74 b
Zinc 95 b
Shall not be less
Dissolved Oxygen (D.O.) than 3.0 mg/L at any
time.
None in amounts
that will adversely
affect the taste, color
Odor
or odor thereof, or
impair the waters for
their best usages.
None in amounts
that will adversely
affect the taste, color
Clarity
or odor thereof, or
impair the waters for
their best usages.
No residue
attributable to
sewage, industrial
Floatables wastes or other
wastes, nor visible oil
film nor globules of
grease
a = Human consumption of fish (saline waters)
b = Fish survival (saline waters)
c = Fish propagation (saline waters)
d = Aesthetic (saline waters)
e = Wildlife protection (saline waters)
Water quality standards for the state’s waters are compiled in the Division of Water
Technical and Operational Guidance Series 1.1.1 (Division of Water, 1998). This document
provides ambient water quality standards and guidance values for toxic and non-conventional
pollutants derived under the authority of Article 17 of the Environmental Conservation Law
and 6 NYCRR Parts 700-706, Water Quality Regulations. A standard value is a numeric
concentration value that has been promulgated and placed into regulation. A guidance value
may be used where a standard for a substance or a group of substances has not been
established. Standards and guidance values are the maximum allowable concentration for a
defined water classification.
For Class SD waters, standards and guidance values are presented for protection of human
consumption of fish, fish survival, wildlife protection, and aesthetics. If more than one
protection categories are listed for a particular contaminant then the most stringent limitation
A-12
should be applied. We compared transect condensed water quality results to available
standards or guidance values to develop transect specific TQs for each contaminant.
The NYSDEC also provides narrative water quality standards for Class SD waters outlined in
6 NYCRR §703.2 Narrative water quality standards. Additionally water quality standards for
dissolved oxygen (D.O.), odor, color and floatables, are provided in 6 NYCRR §703.3. The
appropriate narrative standard for oil and floating substances states that “No residue
attributable to sewage, industrial wastes or other wastes, nor visible oil film nor globules of
grease.” The Class SD standards for D.O. “Shall not be less than 3.0 mg/L at any time.”
Observational accounts of sampling locations and conditions were used to screen narrative
water quality standards. The averaged transect specific D.O. results were used to determine
respective standard adherence. Because of the narrative nature of these additional water
quality standards TQs could only be derived for D.O. Exceedance rates were developed for
each narrative standards.
References
AquaSurvey, Inc. November 2005. Technical Report on the Sampling and Testing of
Sediment from the Gowanus Canal, Brooklyn, NY. Prepared for AMEC Earth and
Environmental. Somerset, NJ. (included as Appendix D of DMA and AMEC Report).
Division of Water. 1998. Technical Guidance and Operational Guidance Series (1.1.1).
DMA, Inc. and AMEC Earth and Environmental, Inc. August 2006. Sediment Sampling
Report Gowanus Canal and Bay Ecosystem Restoration Project DACW51-03-D-0014.
Prepared for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. New York, New York.
Kropp, R.K. and R.J. Diaz. 1995. Infaunal community changes in Boston Harbor, 1991-1994.
MWRA Enviro. Quality Dept. Tech. Rpt. Series No. 95-21. Massachusetts Water
Resources Authority, Boston, MA 94 pp.
Lawler, Matusky, and Skelly Engineers, LLP. November 2004. Gowanus Bay and Canal
Ecosystem Restoration Studies: Fish and Epibenthic Invertebrate Sampling Program.
Prepared for Lawler, Matusky and Skelly Engineers, LLP. Pearl River, New York.
Long, E.R., MacDonald, D.D., Smith, S.L., and F.D. Calder. 1995. Incidence of adverse
biological effects within ranges of chemical concentrations in marine and estuarine
sediments. Environmental Management 19(1):81-97.
New York State Department Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC), 1999. Technical
Guidance for Screening Contaminated Sediments. Division of Fish, Wildlife, and Marine
Resources.
A-13
Schwarzenbach, R. S., P. M. Gschwend, and D. M. Imboden (2003), Environmental Organic
Chemistry, 2nd ed., John Wiley, Hoboken, N. J.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE). August 2003. Gowanus Canal Benthic Sampling
Data Documentation, Gowanus Canal, New York.
A-14


GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
RECORD OF DECISION
APPENDIX V
RESPONSIVENESS SUMMARY
Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................................. 1
SUMMARY OF COMMUNITY RELATIONS ACTIVITIES .............................................. 1
SUMMARY OF COMMENTS AND RESPONSES .......................................................... 2
Historical Discharges .................................................................................................... 4
Potentially Responsible Parties ................................................................................... 4
Sediment Transport and Deposition – Current Conditions in Canal ........................ 5
PCB Concentrations in Surface Sediment from Canal and Reference Area .......... 10
PCB Sources ............................................................................................................... 13
Source Characterization and Control ........................................................................ 14
Combined Sewer Overflows .......................................................................................... 16
Former Manufactured Gas Facilities ............................................................................. 17
Other Upland Properties ................................................................................................ 18
Surface Water ............................................................................................................... 19
Unpermitted Pipe Outfalls ............................................................................................. 20
Other Pipe Outfalls ...................................................................................................... 21
Former Manufactured Gas Plant Facility Cleanups.................................................. 21
Remediation Plan ........................................................................................................ 24
Dredging Specifics ...................................................................................................... 30
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Expression ..................................................................... 36
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid and Dissolved Phase Loading of Active Cap .............. 37
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Spatial Distribution........................................................ 40
Sediment Processing .................................................................................................. 45
Sediment Treatment/Disposal .................................................................................... 47
Sediment Remediation ................................................................................................ 49
Restoration of Turning Basins ................................................................................... 50
Canal Bottom Capping ................................................................................................ 50
Canal Bottom Cap Maintenance................................................................................. 51
Information on Commercial Availability of Sites to Treat Contaminated
Sediment ...................................................................................................................... 52
Stabilization of Dredged Sediments .......................................................................... 52
Migration of Sediments During Remediation ............................................................ 57
Confined Disposal Facility ......................................................................................... 58
Upland Sources of Contamination............................................................................. 66
V-i
Combined Sewer Overflows ....................................................................................... 67
Industrial Sources to Combined Sewer Overflow .................................................... 77
Characteristics of Combined Sewer Overflow Solids .............................................. 78
Combined Sewer Overflow Impacts on Sediments in Upper Reach of Canal ........ 81
Total Organic Carbon Content of Sediments ............................................................ 81
Fecal Coliform ............................................................................................................. 89
Volume of Solids from Combined Sewer Overflow Discharges .............................. 89
Radioisotope Profiles in Sediment Cores ................................................................. 96
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Composition ...................................................... 96
Combined Sewer Overflow Solids ............................................................................. 98
Flooding ..................................................................................................................... 103
Effectiveness and Locations of Retention Tanks ................................................... 106
Miscellaneous Retention Tank Concerns ............................................................... 113
Navigation .................................................................................................................. 123
RTA 1 .......................................................................................................................... 124
RTA 2 .......................................................................................................................... 124
Odors and Pathogens During Construction ........................................................... 126
Differing Conditions Along Canal ............................................................................ 129
Figure 8: PAH Distribution for Hot Spot and Non-hot Spot Locations ................. 129
Natural Attenuation for Remediation Target Area 3 ............................................... 130
Remedy Effectiveness .............................................................................................. 131
Dredging and Sediment Management Costs .......................................................... 133
Confirmatory Design Sampling and Testing Costs ................................................ 135
Remedial Design Costs ............................................................................................ 135
Pre-Remediation Site Work Costs ........................................................................... 135
Debris Management Costs ....................................................................................... 135
Space and Other Canal Constraints ........................................................................ 136
Long-Term Monitoring and Maintenance Program for Sediment Cap .................. 137
Pre-Design Investigation, Modeling, Treatability Testing and Pilot Testing ........ 137
Adaptive Management .............................................................................................. 137
Retention Tank Community Effects ......................................................................... 138
Community Involvement ........................................................................................... 138
Post-Remediation Restoration ................................................................................. 142
Sediment and Contaminant Mass Balance ............................................................. 143
V-ii
Relative Magnitude of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Sources ...................... 145
Bathymetric Change Analysis .................................................................................. 146
Vessel Activity as Sediment Transport Mechanism ............................................... 146
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Migration Estimates .................................................... 146
Watershed-Based Conceptual Site Model ............................................................... 147
Basis for Preliminary Remedial Goal Development–Ecological Toxicity
Testing ....................................................................................................................... 147
Preliminary Remediation Goal Development Methodology ................................... 149
Preliminary Remediation Goals for Metals ............................................................. 150
Post-Remedy Sediment Transport and Deposition ................................................ 151
Potential Releases from Behind Bulkheads ........................................................... 157
Cost Burden for Bulkhead Upgrade/Stabilization .................................................. 158
Plan for Minimizing Bulkhead Upgrade/Stabilization Disruptions ........................ 159
General Bulkhead Concerns .................................................................................... 163
Bulkhead-Related Geotechnical and Groundwater Modeling Studies ................. 165
Sheet Piling for Bulkhead Upgrades and Restoration ........................................... 167
Sheet Piling for Temporary Cells ............................................................................. 168
Sediment Dredging Production Rate ....................................................................... 169
Current and Future Conditions ................................................................................ 169
Property Values ......................................................................................................... 171
Long-Term Monitoring .............................................................................................. 171
Sediment Toxicity Reduction ................................................................................... 172
Restoration of Fishing in Canal ............................................................................... 172
Public Health Assessment ....................................................................................... 173
Human Health Risk Assessment.............................................................................. 173
Human Health Risk Assessment Assumptions ...................................................... 173
Contribution of Gowanus Canal to PCB Levels in Fish ......................................... 174
PCB Toxicity to Benthic Organisms ........................................................................ 175
Ecological Threats .................................................................................................... 176
Air Emissions ............................................................................................................ 176
National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan ................. 179
Sediment Bioremediation ......................................................................................... 180
Canal Dewatering ...................................................................................................... 181
Contractual ................................................................................................................ 182
V-iii
Remediation Schedule .............................................................................................. 182
Surface Water Classification .................................................................................... 183
Remedy Reviews ....................................................................................................... 183
Wetlands Mitigation .................................................................................................. 184
Land Development .................................................................................................... 184
Demand Response .................................................................................................... 185
Utilities ....................................................................................................................... 186
Green Considerations ............................................................................................... 186
Institutional Controls ................................................................................................ 187
Water Supply Contamination Concerns .................................................................. 187
Concerns Related to New York City and National Grid .......................................... 188
Litter and Debris ........................................................................................................ 190
Environmental Justice .............................................................................................. 190
Job Opportunities ..................................................................................................... 192
Availability of Data in Usable Format ...................................................................... 193
General Concerns ..................................................................................................... 193
References ................................................................................................................. 195
V-iv
RESPONSIVENESS SUMMARY
FOR THE
RECORD OF DECISION
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
BROOKLYN, KINGS COUNTY, NEW YORK
INTRODUCTION
This Responsiveness Summary provides a summary of citizens' comments and
concerns received during the public comment period related to the Gowanus Canal
Superfund site (Site) Proposed Plan and provides the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency's (EPA's) responses to those comments and concerns. All comments
summarized in this document have been considered in the EPA’s final decision in the
selection of a remedy to address the contamination at the Site.
SUMMARY OF COMMUNITY RELATIONS ACTIVITIES
Due to the technically complex issues at the Site and the significant public interest, the
EPA greatly augmented its interaction with the community beyond what is typical for the
Superfund remedy selection process. Specifically, while the EPA typically releases
RI/FS reports simultaneously with the Proposed Plan and conducts a public meeting to
discuss the results of the investigation and the basis for the preferred remedy, for this
Site, the RI and FS reports were released separately at the time of their respective
completion in order to facilitate their review and understanding by the public. The RI
report was made available on the EPA’s website in January 2011 and the FS report was
made available on the EPA’s website in December 2011. Following the release of each
of these documents, the EPA held separate public meetings in the Carroll Gardens and
Red Hook neighborhoods to present the findings. These meetings were announced in
the local press. Several follow up meetings to further discuss the technical issues and
the community’s concerns were held at the invitation of the Gowanus Canal Community
Advisory (CAG) (which is composed primarily of local community group representatives
whose role in part is to disseminate information to their groups), the local Community
Boards and other local organizations.
On December 27, 2012, a press release was issued (which generated a number of on-
line articles) and a number of e-mails were sent to the Site’s mailing list re-announcing
the availability of the RI and FS reports and announcing the availability of an FS
addendum report and Proposed Plan1 on the EPA’s website. On December 28, 2012,
the RI report, FS report, FS addendum report and Proposed Plan were made available
to the public at information repositories maintained at the Community Free Library,
located at the Carroll Gardens Library, the Joseph Miccio Community Center and the
1 A Proposed Plan describes the remedial alternatives considered for a site and identifies the
preferred remedy with the rationale for this preference.
V-1
EPA Region II Office. A notice of availability for the above-referenced documents was
published in the Courier Life, Red Hook Star-Revue and The Brooklyn Paper on
January 4, 2013. Notices were published in these papers again on January 18, 2013 to
announce a revised starting time for the January 23, 2013 public meeting. On January
23, 2013 and January 24, 2013, the EPA conducted public meetings at Public School
58 (the Carroll School) and the Joseph Miccio Community Center, respectively, to
present the Proposed Plan for the Site, including the preferred remedy, and to respond
to questions and comments from the approximately 200 attendees at the January 23,
2012 meeting and 100 attendees at the January 24, 2012 meeting. At both of the
meetings, there was nearly unanimous, strong support for the proposed remedy. At the
January 24, 2013 meeting, concerns were expressed by the public about an option
proposed by EPA for the disposal in an on-Site confined disposal facility (CDF)2 for the
stabilized, lesser contaminated sediments.
Prior to the release of the Proposed Plan and the commencement of the public
comment period, a member of the CAG expressed concern that a 30-day comment
period would be too short to provide the CAG members and other stakeholders
sufficient time to provide technically well-informed comments. Accordingly, a 90-day
public comment period was announced at the time of the release of the Proposed Plan.
In response to a January 28, 2013 request from a representative of New York City
(NYC) that the public comment period be extended 30 days, the comment period was
extended to April 27, 2013.
A notice announcing the extension of the public comment period to April 27, 2013 was
published in the Courier Life, Red Hook Star-Revue and The Brooklyn Paper on March
22, 2013.
During the comment period, the EPA held informational meetings with the CAG in
Carroll Gardens on February 11, 2013, the Red Hook community on February 13, 2013,
the residents of public housing located immediately north of the canal on March 27,
2013, the Red Hook community on April 16, 2013, the CAG on April 23, 2013 and the
residents of public housing in Red Hook on April 25, 2013 to discuss, in more detail, the
specifics of the Proposed Plan and to answer additional questions from the community.
With the exception of the April 25, 2013 meeting which was attended by 25 people, all
of the other follow up meetings were well attended.
SUMMARY OF COMMENTS AND RESPONSES
Comments were received at the two public meetings and in writing (letters, postcards
and e-mail).
2 A secure structure designed to contain dredged sediments (in this case, after stabilization)
within a waterway.
V-2
The public generally supports the dredging, capping and combined sewer overflow
(CSO)3 contaminated solids abatement components of the remedy. The CAG, which is
comprised of approximately 50 members representing over 30 organizations and 20
non-organizational members, passed resolutions in support of the overall remedy,
including 100% CSO control. Community Board Six, a municipal entity which
represents the neighborhoods surrounding the canal, submitted comments supporting
the overall remedy.
While 15 businesses and approximately 700 Red Hook residents located in close
proximity to the proposed location of the CDF expressed support for its construction,
approximately 900 parties located in other sections of Red Hook, elsewhere in New
York State and in other states expressed strong opposition to the CDF option. In
addition, No Toxic Red Hook submitted two similar petitions to the EPA containing
approximately 2,500 original names and signatures from business owners, residents,
users of the recreation area and concerned citizens. The petitions express opposition
to the processing of contaminated sediments in Red Hook and their placement in a local
CDF. The petitions can be found in Appendix V-f.
Although various development interests filed formal comments in opposition to
nomination of the Site for the National Priorities List (NPL) in 2009, no comments were
filed in opposition to the Proposed Plan by the developers who have acquired property
along the canal for residential, commercial and other redevelopment purposes since the
Site was placed on the NPL.
Friends of Douglass Greene Park presented the EPA with a petition with 765 parties
expressing opposition to the placement of an in-line sewage/stormwater retention tank
beneath the Douglass and Degraw community pool. The petition also sought an
assurance from the EPA that should any disruption or displacement to the pool be
necessary as a result of the remediation, the park’s facilities and services would be
provided at a nearby location.
The NYC Department of Environmental Protection (NYCDEP), a potentially responsible
party (PRP), submitted 124 pages of comments, with approximately 300 pages of
attachments. When read in their entity, NYCDEP’s comments state that the CSOs do
not contribute to unacceptable impacts to the canal, lengthy additional studies are
needed prior to remedy selection, further nonaqueous phase liquid (NAPL)4 controls
are needed and various project complexities effectively prevent addressing the
contamination in the canal. National Grid, another PRP, submitted 43 pages of
comments and 600 pages of attachments. National Grid, in sum, agreed that a
cleanup of the canal can be done, despite significant technical challenges, asserted
that even greater CSO controls were warranted and advocated for less dredging than
3 Combined sewers receive both sewage and stormwater flows and discharge to the canal when
the sewer system’s capacity is exceeded.
4 Concentrated liquid contamination, typically oil-like, that forms a separate phase and does not
dissolve in water.
V-3
indicated in the proposed plan. Comments questioning various aspects of the remedy
were also submitted by various other PRPs and industry-related parties. Notably,
NYCDEP was alone in stating that no further CSOs controls are warranted. Industry
and other PRP commenters suggested that additional CSO controls beyond those set
forth in the Proposed Plan are needed for an effective cleanup.
The transcripts from the two public meetings can be found in Appendix V-d.
The written comments (letters, postcards and e-mails) submitted during the public
comment period can be found in Appendix V-e. A summary of the comments provided
at the public meetings and in writing, as well as the EPA’s responses to them, are
provided below.
Historical Discharges
Comment #1: A commenter stated that, in the future, it would be better for the EPA to
be proactive in preventing the need for hazardous waste site cleanups.
Response #1: Following the canal’s construction in the mid-1800s, sewage and
industrial wastes were discharged directly into the canal, consistent with the poor
environmental practices typical of the era. As a result of these discharges, the canal
quickly became and has remained as one of New York's most polluted waterways.
Following the creation of the EPA in 1970, Congress passed a number of laws with the
intention of improving the environment. The Clean Water Act (CWA), passed in 1972,
was established with the goal of eliminating releases of high amounts of toxic
substances into surface water. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA)
was passed in 1976 to address the nation’s increasing problems from municipal and
industrial waste. The purpose of RCRA is to ensure proper management of hazardous
wastes from the point of generation until final disposal. The CWA and RCRA have
resulted in significant improvements in the handling of hazardous substances, greatly
reducing the creation of new hazardous waste sites.
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act
(CERCLA), more commonly known as “Superfund,” was created in 1980, primarily to
address the releases that occurred in the past. With the selected remedy for the Site,
the EPA intends to comprehensively address the various ongoing sources which
continue to contribute contamination to the canal, including three former manufactured
gas plants (MGPs) and ongoing discharges of contaminated CSO solids.
Potentially Responsible Parties
Comment #2: A commenter stated that many businesses that made large profits over
the years polluted the canal and the upland areas. The commenter, as well as several
other commenters, opined that those that are responsible for the contamination should
be held accountable for it.
V-4
Response #2: Under state and federal Superfund laws, the parties that are responsible
for creating hazardous waste sites are responsible for addressing the contamination,
either by performing the necessary investigatory and remediation work themselves or by
providing funds so that the State or the EPA can perform the work.
The former MGP facilities are being addressed under the State Superfund and
Brownfield Cleanup programs by National Grid, a PRP for these facilities (as well as the
Site).
The EPA has identified a number of PRPs related to the canal, with the primary ones
being NYC and National Grid. In April 2010, the EPA entered into administrative
consent orders (AOCs)5 with NYC and National Grid to perform work in support of the
EPA's remedial investigation/feasibility study (RI/FS) for the canal. Following the
selection of a remedy for the Site, it is the EPA’s intention to use its enforcement
authorities to compel the PRPs to undertake the performance of the design and
construction of the remedy at their own expense.
Sediment Transport and Deposition – Current Conditions in Canal
Comment #3: The PRP Group6 provided comments related to sediment transport and
deposition in the canal under current conditions. The general topics covered by these
comments are summarized below.
 The Proposed Plan does not discuss how the pattern/deposition rate of sediment
may have changed since 1850 and the factors responsible; understanding these
factors is crucial to the selection of the remedy and source control
design/methodologies.
 The Proposed Plan does not explain why the upper canal is the reach most affected
by deposition of CSO solids, or why the lower reach is not similarly impacted, and
appears to contain internal inconsistencies related to the description of sediment
transport and deposition processes.
Response #3: Sediment deposition rates and patterns in the canal have varied since
1850 due to the use of the canal as an open sewer, construction and operation of the
Flushing Tunnel, watershed development, episodic dredging events, vessel
5 AOCs are legal documents that formalize an agreement between the EPA and PRPs covering
the PRPs’ responsibilities to perform investigatory work at a Superfund site.
6 The PRP Group consists of Beam, Inc.; The Dun and Bradstreet Corporation; ExxonMobil Oil
Corporation; Hauck Manufacturing Company; Hess Corporation; Honeywell International, Inc.;
MRC Holdings, Inc., for itself and on behalf of Citigroup, Inc.; Patterson Fuel Oil Company,
Inc.; Ream Beverage Can Company; SPX Corporation as successor to O-Z/Gedney Co., Inc.;
Union Oil Company of California and Verizon New York Inc.
V-5
movements, changes in the sewer system configuration and other factors. Given the
complexity of the canal’s history, any attempt to characterize historic patterns and rates
of sediment deposition would be largely speculative. This historic information is not
needed to select and design the remedy for the canal. The remedy’s design must be
based on expected future conditions. Therefore, the EPA does not plan to further
investigate historic sediment deposition rates and patterns.
The lack of tidal flow to the upper reach of the canal was anticipated even before the
canal was constructed. The general history of the flow problems created by the canal’s
configuration and sewage inputs, including the accumulation of CSO sediment in the
upper reach, has been documented in multiple reports by NYCDEP (1983 201 Facilities
Plan, 1993 Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project, 2001 Gowanus Facilities
Upgrade Plan, 2007 Receiving Water Quality Modeling Report, 2008 Gowanus Canal
Waterbody/Watershed Facility Plan Report (WWFP)). NYC is also currently under order
from the State to dredge the accumulated CSO sediment mound in the upper reach--
work that was first proposed and approved in 1983.
The “CSO Impacts” section of the FS report addendum explains why the upper reach of
the canal is most affected by the deposition of CSO solids: (1) the outfall at the head of
canal (RH-034) has the single largest contribution to annual CSO discharge; (2) the
shallow sediments (0-2 feet depth interval) in the upper reach are less influenced by
impacts from the former MGP facilities or historical industrial discharges and (3) the
sediments in the upper reach are less susceptible to resuspension by propeller wash
from vessel traffic or from tidal forces. While the middle and lower reaches of the canal
are impacted by CSO solids, the middle reach is also heavily impacted by the two
former MGP facilities located there and the lower reach is influenced by incoming
sediment from Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay. When sediments are
resuspended in the middle reach of the canal by vessel activity, the coarser-grained
fraction redeposits first and the finer-grained fraction remains in suspension for a longer
period of time. The portion of the finer-grained fraction that is transported to the lower
reach by tidal advection-dispersion mixes with relatively clean incoming suspended
sediments from Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay, resulting in an overall
decrease in contaminant concentrations.
Finally, the approach utilized in the selected remedy also reduces the relevance of
historic sediment deposition rate and patterns. Full removal of the accumulated
sediment eliminates this as a post-construction source of sediment transport. CSO
solids control measures, combined with the work currently being implemented by the
NYCDEP will significantly reduce CSO solids inputs.
V-6
Reference Areas
Comment #4: National Grid and NYCDEP commented regarding the selection of the
reference area for the canal RI/FS and the use of Gowanus Bay and Upper New York
Bay reference area data to predict post-remedy conditions within the canal as follows:
 National Grid noted that if NYCDEP cannot reach full CSO control because it is
technically infeasible or prohibitively costly (or both), then any ongoing contribution
should be considered background for the canal.
 National Grid noted that the Proposed Plan does not fully acknowledge that the post-
remedy environment of the canal will continue to receive stormwater and CSO
discharges from heavily urbanized and industrialized properties; there is no basis for
concluding that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) concentrations in post-
remedy surface sediments would be near the upper end of the Gowanus Bay and
Upper New York Bay reference range (14 milligrams per kilogram [mg/kg]).
 NYCDEP noted that the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference locations
are open water areas that are not as protected as the canal, and sediments that
accumulate in the reference area are likely to be different from those that
accumulate in the canal.
 NYCDEP noted that the EPA should consider the reference area data collected for
the Newtown Creek RI/FS. These reference area data were collected from 14 water
bodies that were categorized as industrial with CSO input, industrial with minimal or
no CSO input, non-industrial with CSO input and non-industrial with minimal or no
CSO input.
Response #4: The sediment remedy will result in a clean cap surface on the bottom of
the canal. If the PAH contributions from the former MGP facilities and CSOs were
completely eliminated, then the solids-associated PAHs deposited on this clean surface
would be derived primarily from solids delivered to the canal from Upper New York Bay
through tidal action and the Flushing Tunnel, storm sewers and direct overland flow.
The suspended sediments from Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay would be
expected to have a substantial post-source control influence on sediment quality
because less than 10 percent of the canal watershed is drained into the canal by storm
sewers and direct runoff (assuming that no high-level sewer separation would occur)
However, since CSOs to the canal will not be entirely eliminated as part of the sediment
remedy, the newly-established background level of PAHs in surface sediment will
depend on the level of CSO reductions achieved. The goal is to reduce the contribution
of CSO solids so that the average total PAH concentration in canal’s surface sediments
after remediation does not exceed the preliminary remediation goal (PRG)7 of 20 mg/kg.
7 Because there are no promulgated standards or criteria that apply to the cleanup of
contaminated sediments in New York, Site-specific, PRGs for sediments in the Gowanus
Canal were developed. PRGs are used to define the extent of cleanup needed to achieve the
RAOs. A “clean” surface will be established at the bottom of the Gowanus Canal at the end of
remedy construction. The PRGs will be used as performance targets for this “clean” surface.
V-7
In other words, the remedy will be designed to achieve a total PAH background
concentration of less than 20 mg/kg total PAH.
Data recently collected from candidate reference areas for the Newtown Creek
Superfund site RI indicate that the range of PAH concentrations in enclosed and semi-
enclosed industrial embayments without CSOs is comparable to the reference area
concentrations measured in the Gowanus Canal RI. Specifically, surface sediment
samples were collected from 14 enclosed or semi-enclosed water bodies generally
located throughout Jamaica Bay and the Upper East River. The 14 areas were selected
to represent four general categories of reference areas: (1) industrial with CSOs; (2)
industrial with no or minimal CSO input; (3) non-industrial with CSOs and (4) non-
industrial with no or minimal CSO input (Anchor QEA, 2012). Although with respect to
the Newtown Creek Superfund site RI, the data are still under evaluation and specific
locations for background and reference have not been determined, the data from the
candidate reference areas collectively provide an indication of the PAH concentrations
that can reasonably be expected in various types of water bodies. The Gowanus Canal
watershed includes a mix of residential, commercial and light industrial land uses, and
may fall between the industrial and non-industrial categories. Figure 1below, shows the
mean total PAH concentration in each type of reference area, along with the 95 percent
confidence interval for the mean (the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference
area (denominated as “GC Ref” in Figure 1) is also shown for comparison). For all
categories except “industrial with CSOs,” the mean and 95 percent confidence interval
for the mean total PAH background concentrations are near or below 20 mg/kg.8
8 PAH data for the Newtown Creek reference areas were not evaluated on a carbon-normalized
basis because the PRG for the canal should be compared to the PAH concentrations in
sediment at the point of exposure (in the canal), and reference area PAH concentrations are
only moderately correlated with Total Organic Carbon (TOC) content (R = 0.57).
V-8
Reference Areas - Total PAH17
40
30
)
g
k
/
g
m
20
(
7
1
H
A
P
10
al
t
o
T
0
Ind. CSO Non-Ind. CSO Ind. no CSO Non-ind. no CSO GC Ref
Notes: Mean and 95% confidence intervals; one result from Ind. CSO group
excluded (304 mg/kg).
Figure 1: Comparison of Total PAH Concentrations in Surface Sediment from the Newtown Creek
and Gowanus Canal Reference Areas
Although Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay are more open than the canal, the
sediments in this area provide the best available representation of regional background
conditions excluding point source releases and surface runoff to the canal. As reported
in the CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum, the estimated total PAH
concentrations on suspended sediments in the surface water samples from the
Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference area are similar to the reference
area surface sediment concentrations. Figure 1 indicates that the mean PAH
concentration in the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference area is similar to
the “non-industrial with no or minimal CSO input” category for the Newtown Creek
reference area.
The newly-established background condition in the canal after the remedy
implementation is expected to have an average total PAH concentration of 20 mg/kg.
That is higher than the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference, but within the
range of background concentrations for a New York Harbor setting with characteristics
similar to the Gowanus Canal.
V-9
PCB Concentrations in Surface Sediment from Canal and Reference Area
Comment #5: Consolidated Edison (ConEd), a PRP, stated that there is no statistically
significant difference between total PCB congener concentrations in surface sediment
samples from the canal and samples from the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay
reference area.
Response #5: The EPA did not perform statistical comparisons of total PCB congener
concentrations because fewer than ten sampling results were available for the reference
area samples. Specifically, only three reference area samples were analyzed for PCB
congeners, which is an insufficient number for a robust statistical comparison. The
statistical comparison of total PCB Aroclor results (27 canal and 10 reference area
samples) indicated that the median concentration in the canal samples is significantly
higher than in the reference samples. However, as noted in the Proposed Plan, PCB
congener data are more reliable for the quantification of PCBs in sediments.
The plot in Figure 2, below, shows the distribution of total PCB congener concentrations
in surface sediment samples collected by the EPA in 2010 for the RI. Also shown are
the total PCB congener concentrations in samples collected by NYCDEP at a subset of
the RI locations in 2013 (including five of the reference area locations). The EPA and
NYCDEP results are consistent, and both show that the mean total PCB congener
concentration in canal sediments is above the 95 percent confidence interval of the
mean reference area concentration. Total PCB congener concentrations of greater than
4 mg/kg were detected in some of the canal surface sediments. Additionally, PCB
Aroclor data for deeper soft sediment9 show concentrations as high as 51 mg/kg (EPA,
2010 RI samples) and 66 mg/kg (National Grid, 2012 CSO mound samples10). These
results clearly show that some of the surface and deeper soft sediments in the canal are
contaminated with PCBs at levels that are substantially higher than reference area
concentrations. PCBs in deeper soft sediments may be transported by various events,
including vessel scour and storm events.
9 “Soft sediment” is defined as the hazardous substance-contaminated sediments which have
accumulated above the native sediments.
10 These results were provided in National Grid’s comments on the Proposed Plan .
V-10
Total PCB Congeners in Surface Sediment
16
14
)
g 12
k
g/
m
10
(
s
r
e
n 8
e
g
n
o 6
c
B
C
4
P
al
ot
2
T
0
-2
EPA Canal EPA Reference NYC Canal NYC Reference
2010 2010 2013 2013
Notes: NYC results are based on unvalidated data. Field duplicates are averaged.
The mean and 95 percent confidence interval is shown for each sample group.
Figure 2: Distribution of Total PCB Congener Concentrations in Surface Sediment Samples
PCB Concentrations in Fish and Crab Tissue Samples from Canal and Reference
Area
Comment #6: ConEd asserts that the EPA has not supported the assertion that PCB
levels in fish taken from the Gowanus Canal are about two times higher than PCB levels
in fish taken from the reference area.
Response #6: The Proposed Plan states that the “average concentrations of PCBs in
the canal fish and crab samples were about two times higher than the average PCB
concentrations in the reference area samples collected from Gowanus Bay and Upper
New York Bay.” This statement is based on the comparison of total PCB congener
concentrations in American eel fillet and whole body blue crab tissue samples because
these were the only species evaluated in the human health risk assessment (HHRA)
that were caught in both the canal and reference area. Although striped bass and white
perch were caught in the canal, none were caught in the reference area, so direct
comparisons were not possible. The average concentration of total PCB congeners in
the eel fillet samples from the canal (six samples) was 862 micrograms per kilogram
(µg/kg) wet weight, which is 1.8 times higher than the concentration in the single
American eel fillet sample from the reference area (475 µg/kg wet weight). The average
total PCB congener concentration in whole body blue crab from the canal (12 samples)
was 157 µg/kg, which is 1.7 times higher than the average concentration in the
reference area samples (91 µg/kg; eight samples).
V-11
The concerted fish and shellfish collection effort undertaken for the RI did not yield
sufficient numbers of samples of the same large fish species from both the canal and
reference area to perform robust statistical comparisons. The plots in Figures 3 and 4,
below, show the total PCB congener concentrations in all large fish fillets and whole
body blue crab samples for the canal and reference area. Although the results for the
large fish fillets reflect a different mix of species in the canal and reference area, the
data collected to date indicate that PCB concentrations in large fish and crab tissue are
higher in the canal than in the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference area.
It should be noted that pre-existing New York State fishing advisories apply to both the
canal and the harbor. Despite these advisories, there is evidence of fish consumption
within the canal and near the mouth of the canal, particularly for subsistence fishing
within communities with environmental justice (EJ) concerns. PCBs in both the canal
and the harbor are a source to fish and crab tissue. The PCBs in the canal are co-
located with other COCs in the accumulated sediment. As a result, all of the PCB mass
in the canal will be removed as part of the selected remedy. This removal is expected
to lead to the elimination of PCBs available for fish and crab uptake within the canal.
Given that the unacceptable human health exposure pathway for fish ingestion is
caused solely by PCBs, addressing this exposure risk through removal of the
accumulated sediments is warranted. Such removal will also reduce PCB transport to
the harbor and is expected to improve the background risk from ingestion of PCB-
contaminated fish.
Large Fish Fillets
1600
)
ht 1400
g
ei
w
et
1200
w
g 1000
k
g/

( 800
s
r
e
n
e 600
g
n
o
C 400
B
C
P 200
al
ot
T 0
Canal Reference
Large Fish Large Fish
Fillets Fillets
Notes:
Gowanus Canal - 6 American eel, 5 smallmouth bass, 2 white perch
Reference Area - 1 American eel, 3 scup, 1 weakfish
The mean and 95 percent confidence intervals are shown for each sample group.
Figure 3: Total PCB Congener Concentrations in All Large Fish Fillets Samples for Canal and
Reference Area
V-12
Whole Body Blue Crab
220
)
ht
200
g
ei
w
et 180
w
g
k 160
g/

(
r s 140
e
n
e
g
n 120
o
C
B
C 100
P
al
ot 80
T
60
Canal Reference
Blue Crab Blue Crab
Notes:
The mean and 95 percent confidence intervals are shown for each sample group.
Figure 4: Total PCB Congener Concentrations in Whole Body Blue Crab Samples for Canal and
Reference Area
PCB Sources
Comment #7: NYCDEP asserts that there are sources of PCBs to the Gowanus Canal
other than CSOs that have not been identified.
Response #7: The RI/FS did not identify specific sources of PCBs to canal sediments
other than CSOs and historic discharges. The CSO samples collected for the RI were
analyzed for PCB Aroclors only, which were detected in one wet weather CSO water
sample. CSO samples collected by NYCDEP in 2013 were analyzed for PCB
congeners; total PCB congener concentrations on CSO solids ranged from 0. 24 to 0.
94 mg/kg. These levels may be indicative of the low levels of PCBs typically found in
urban runoff. These concentrations are substantially lower than total PCB congener
concentrations in some of the surface sediment samples collected from the canal,
particularly samples collected from the middle reach where total PCB congener
concentrations are as high as 15 mg/kg. As noted previously, removal of all of the
accumulated sediment as part of the selected remedy will address any PCB
contributions from within the canal. The area with the highest detected PCB
concentration was in sediments in the middle reach of the canal. Additional sampling
will be conducted during the remedial design to determine if there is an upland source at
this location which requires control. Upland sources referred to NYSDEC will also be
investigated, as appropriate. The use of PCBs was phased out in the 1970’s. ConEd’s
3rd Avenue Service Center, which has operated since 1925, is located in the middle
section of the canal, has been connected to the sewer system, handled PCBs for many
V-13
years, and has been the subject of numerous violations and spill events involving PCBs
and other materials. See ConEd’s November 16, 2009 Response to the EPA
Information Request. The facility has been subject to corrective actions. It is also
possible that some PCBs may continue to be transported from residual source areas
(such as underground electric utility vaults) to the canal through CSO discharges.
Based on the EPA’s investigation of PRPs, the number of facilities believed to have
handled PCBs in the vicinity of the canal is limited. As a result of these factors, the EPA
believes that the PCB loading in the canal is primarily from historic disposal.
Source Characterization and Control
Comment #8: A commenter opined that the Proposed Plan is missing an integrated
mapping of overall polluted upland areas and their impacts on the water and that the RI
has sidestepped the issue of an integrated flood plain-wide pollution assessment.
NYCDEP, National Grid, the PRP Group, the Sediment Management Workgroup11 and
Community Board Six note the importance of identifying, characterizing and effectively
controlling all upland sources along the canal and coordinating these actions with the
implementation of the canal remedy to prevent recontamination of the canal and to
ensure the sustainability of the implemented remedy. The upland contaminant sources
of concern identified by these commenters included:
 CSOs
 Former MGP facilities
 Other upland sites
 Surface runoff
 Unpermitted outfalls
 Direct loading of solids from eroding fill material along the shoreline through broken
bulkheads
The general concerns that were expressed by the commenters include:
 NYCDEP, National Grid, the Sediment Management Workgroup, Community Board
Six note that the Proposed Plan fails to adequately address the EPA’s long-standing
priority to control sources early, thereby posing a significant risk of recontamination.
The priority should be controlling all contamination sources along the canal.
 The Sediment Management Workgroup and National Grid note that the Proposed
Plan focuses on the sediments, rather than on potential sources of recontamination,
such as CSOs, stormwater, groundwater and sediment resuspension due to
commercial navigation and the Flushing Tunnel.
 NYCDEP and National Grid note that the Proposed Plan does not identify all
potential continuing sources of contamination to the canal. The EPA should identify
11The Sediment Management WorkGroup is an ad hoc group open to membership from industry
and government parties with responsibility for management of contaminated sediments. The
work group’s objective is to advance scientifically-sound approaches to improve sediment risk
assessment, collect and share information to enhance and evaluate remedial technologies
and alternatives and promote risk-based and cost-effective sediment management decisions.
V-14
and characterize these sources. The EPA should quantify the major sources of
PAHs to the canal and evaluate their impacts under future conditions with respect to
the proposed remedy.
 NYCDEP and National Grid note that the Proposed Plan does not present details on
the remedial measures for controlling all sources of contamination to the canal, other
than the former MGPs.
 National Grid notes that a background level after all sources of contamination to the
canal are controlled should be established. After that, a control plan with specific
steps and schedules can be established. The plan should control sources to the
maximum achievable level, while it should simultaneously maintain flexibility and
employ an adaptive management approach to design the rest of the remedy.
 NYCDEP, National Grid and the PRP Group note that upland sources are not well
understood and the interception/remediation of these sources are not defined in the
Proposed Plan. Historical operations along the canal include approximately 80
parcels directly adjacent to the canal that may be responsible for groundwater
impacts.
 NYCDEP notes that the Proposed Plan does not recognize the critical importance of
groundwater on the long-term effectiveness of the sediment remedy and the need to
integrate groundwater management with in-canal remedies.
 NYCDEP notes that the Proposed Plan does not address the direct loading of solids
from eroding fill material along the shoreline through broken bulkheads. Fill is
known to contain ash and other wastes that are high in PAHs, metals and other
contaminants.
 National Grid notes that hazardous wastes from accidental spills are conveyed to the
canal through CSOs, storm water and unpermitted outfalls. These spills and
transport routes must be recognized and addressed prior to any remedy selection.
 The Sediment Management Workgroup and National Grid note that the Proposed
Plan does not adequately address the timing and sequencing of the sediment
remedy and source control efforts.
 NYCDEP and National Grid note that the Proposed Plan does not offer tangible
evidence of the EPA’s coordination with others related to the anticipated
implementation schedules for non-former MGP upland sites and CSO controls,
relative to the sediment remedy. Such cleanups must be conducted prior to
addressing canal sediments, as they present potential for recontamination.
 National Grid notes that the effectiveness of upland source control measures must
be demonstrated prior to any remedy implementation.
 NYCDEP notes that the Proposed Plan should have described how the
effectiveness of the reductions achieved as a result of source control will be
monitored during the post-remedial five-year reviews.
The overall response addresses the following comment topics because of their
interconnection:
V-15
 Consistency of the EPA’s actions at the Gowanus Canal with the EPA’s priority for
source control
 Identification, characterization and remedial measures for all sources
 Timing and sequencing of sediment remedy in canal with source control efforts
 Coordination with other parties to implement the necessary source controls
 Monitoring and demonstrated effectiveness of source control measures
Response #8: The EPA recognizes the critical importance of identifying, characterizing
and abating all continuing sources of contaminant releases to the canal and integrating
these actions with the schedule for the sediment remedy in the canal. The EPA
recognizes that controlling these releases is critical to ensuring the protectiveness and
sustainability of the sediment remedy. To that end, the EPA included source control as
a baseline component of all remedial alternatives evaluated in the FS and, by extension,
in the selected remedy.
In the RI/FS reports and Proposed Plan, the EPA identified multiple sources and
transport pathways for the release of contaminants to the canal. While all identified
sources along the canal will be addressed, the EPA considers the primary ongoing
sources of contamination to be the CSOs in the upper reach of the canal (outfalls
RH-034 and OH-007) and the three former MGP facilities. The EPA is coordinating and
will continue to coordinate with NYSDEC, which is directing the investigation and
remediation of contaminated upland areas adjacent to the canal with the goal of
developing and implementing remedies that will prevent recontamination of the canal.
The EPA has identified and has referred to NYSDEC a number of properties along the
canal, for NYSDEC investigation and, if necessary, remediation.
The EPA recognizes the importance of the timing of the implementation of the source
controls relative to the implementation of the sediment remedy. To that end, the EPA
developed a schedule for the implementation of the canal remedy that integrates the
timing of the source controls at the former MGP facilities, CSOs and other sources
identified along the canal. The EPA and NYSDEC have discussed this schedule and its
elements and the responsibilities of each party in relation to ensuring that the overall
schedule for the canal is achieved. This schedule is available at for review at
http://www.epa.gov/region2/superfund/npl/gowanus/pdf/EPADECDEPGowanusTimeline
11-2011.pdf.
Evidence of the cooperation and coordination between the EPA and NYSDEC is the
rapid progress made at establishing the general scope and schedules for the source
control remedies at the three former MGP facilities, which likely present the most
complex challenges from all the upland properties identified for investigation of
contaminant release potential. The source control remedies for the former MGP
facilities need to be consistent with the remedial objectives and schedule for the
sediment remedy in the canal.
After remedy implementation, as required under CERCLA, the EPA will be responsible
for monitoring to assess the effectiveness of the source control measures and thus, the
effectiveness of the remedy.
Combined Sewer Overflows
V-16
The majority of the commenters agreed with the need to control CSO discharges and
suggested that higher levels of controls or capture of these discharges were needed
than estimated in the Proposed Plan. NYCDEP, however, commented that the CSOs
are not contributing to the contamination present in the canal. Therefore, NYCDEP
asserted that CSO controls are not needed for CERCLA remedial purposes.
In a letter dated June 28, 2012, NYSDEC identified eight possible options that might be
effective in addressing solids from CSOs and suggested that NYCDEP evaluate the
feasibility of these options. NYCDEP completed its response (Evaluation of Possible
Measures for CSO Solids Control, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York,
October 3, 2012) for the following eight options:
 Optimizing existing sedimentation trap at outfall OH-007
 Improved maintenance program at the outfall OH-007 sediment trap
 Installation of silt curtains and/or netting facilities at all CSO outfalls discharging to
the Gowanus Canal
 Yearly monitoring of CSO solids deposition in the canal
 Development of metrics for maintenance dredging of CSO solids in the canal
 Additional regular sewer cleaning in the drainage area
 Engineering evaluation of an interim or permanent sedimentation trap at outfall RH-
034.
 Advance NYCDEP’s dredging of CSO mounds at the head end of the canal to
comply with the CSO Order on Consent, while seeking synergetic opportunities to
advance the demonstration and development of remedial design protocols for
dredging, dewatering, disposal, stabilization and capping pursuant to the Superfund
program.
In parallel, the EPA evaluated possible options identified by NYSDEC and added to
these options, the installation of CSO retention tanks.
The FS report addendum presented the degree of contaminated CSO solids reductions
estimated to be required by the EPA to meet the established remedial action objectives
for the canal, the results of the CSO solids control measure screening performed by the
EPA and costs for the different CSO solids control options. The EPA selected the
retention tank option because tanks are the only technology able to achieve the
projected needed contaminated CSO solids reductions.
Former Manufactured Gas Facilities
The former MGP facilities are being characterized and addressed under the State
Superfund and Brownfield Cleanup programs by National Grid, a PRP for these sites as
well as for the canal.12 The EPA and NYSDEC have agreed to a coordinated schedule
12 NYC, which is an owner of major source area parcels at the Public Place Brownfields site and
the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site, is also a PRP for these former MGP facilities.
V-17
for the former MGPs and canal sediment cleanup efforts based on the anticipated timing
of the dredging in the canal (which would commence at the head of the canal).
In January 2012, NYSDEC directed National Grid to begin the expedited remedial
design of a cutoff wall as an interim remedial measure for the Fulton former MGP, near
the head of the canal. The purpose of this wall is to prevent subsurface migration of
NAPL from the Fulton former MGP facility into the sediments at the bottom of the canal.
For the Carroll Gardens/Public Place (formerly known as “Citizens Gas Works”)
(hereinafter, “Public Place”) former MGP facility, the remedy includes a combination of
excavation and a subsurface barrier wall and tar extraction wells. An investigation and
partial source control cleanup was implemented at the Metropolitan site, the third and
most southerly former MGP facility, in 2003 under the State’s Voluntary Cleanup
program. Since there are potential source areas at this former MGP facility that were
not addressed by the actions taken in 2003, an RI is currently underway. Based upon
the remedy selected for the Carroll Gardens/Public Place former MGP facility and the
interim remedial measure for the Fulton former MGP, it is presumed that the remedy for
the Metropolitan former MGP will include the construction of a cutoff wall between the
former MGP facility and the canal, removal of remaining major mobile coal tar sources,
and recovery of coal tar product collected in the approach to the cut-off wall.
The control measures described above are expected to address releases from the three
former MGPs and provide the needed source control.
Other Upland Properties
The Gowanus Canal RI included an evaluation of the potential for contaminated
groundwater to recontaminate canal sediments following implementation of the selected
remedy. The EPA identified 16 locations that may represent potential ongoing sources
of contamination to the canal via groundwater discharge. These sites were referred to
NYSDEC for investigation and, if necessary, remediation under the State Superfund
program.
Some of the identified locations appear to be areas where MGP tar has been
transported outside the original source areas, deposited on the canal bottom and
subsequently infiltrated into the banks of the canal at certain locations. Depending on
the degree of contamination and the elevation of the contaminated soils, tar could move
back toward the canal as dredging proceeds, presenting the potential for
recontamination of sediments. Subsurface barrier walls along the bank of the canal
may be required in these areas in order to protect the integrity of the canal remedy.
Relative to the former MGP facilities, these areas are significantly smaller potential
sources of contamination to the canal and are, thus, expected to require only a fraction
of the time and cost to address. The costs of these smaller upland parcels have not
been included in EPA’s decision document. The costs and remedy selection, to the
extent required for these other parcels, will be determined in separate cleanup decisions
following their respective investigations. Based on the EPA’s ongoing interactions with
NYSDEC, landowners, developers and PRPs, the EPA anticipates that the cleanups will
be funded and performed by a variety of parties. These include developers of projects
V-18
along the canal (such as the Whole Foods and Lightstone Group), as well as current
and former owners responsible for disposal.13 The EPA will coordinate with NYSDEC
the remediation schedules for these sites relative to the schedule for the canal remedy
to ensure that they too do not compromise the effectiveness of the remedy.
The EPA proposes to address several of the identified locations as part of the remedy
for the canal--the filled-in former 1st Street Basin; 400 Carroll Street (part of the
Lightstone Group project) and a portion of the 5th Street Basin beneath the 3rd Avenue
bridge.
Because the upland contamination source areas which may impact groundwater have
been referred to NYSDEC for investigation and remediation, if necessary, the EPA
believes that no additional components of a separate groundwater remedy are required
as part of the overall remedy for the Gowanus Canal.
Within the canal boundaries, the proposed cleanup approach for the Gowanus Canal is
consistent with OSWER Directive 9283. 1-33, June 2009, Summary of Key Existing
EPA CERCLA Policies for Groundwater Restoration, because it does not rely on dilution
or dispersion of contaminated groundwater discharging into the canal. The criteria in
the OSWER Directive that “groundwater should not be allowed to migrate and further
contaminate the aquifer or other media” has been met by identifying the groundwater
discharges that should be addressed under the State Superfund program. Additionally,
in-situ stabilization (ISS) and the active layer in the sediment cap will be designed to
adsorb contaminants in upwelling groundwater prior to discharge to the canal.
The Region has completed additional studies to determine and manage, through
stabilization and capping, the effects of contaminant leaching from native sediments to
upwelling groundwater that discharges to the canal. These studies have used the
recently developed Leaching Environmental Assessment Framework (LEAF) that has
identified four new analytical methods to assess the leaching from native and stabilized
media. A report on these studies has been recently issued and is part of the
Administrative Record for the site.
Surface Water
While surface water runoff was identified as a contaminant transport pathway in the
conceptual site model (CSM) for the canal, it was identified as a relatively minor source
compared to other sources, because direct runoff drains only six percent of the
watershed surrounding the canal. The EPA’s assessment of this issue is consistent
with studies performed by NYCDEP:
13 Several of the sites referred by the EPA to NYSDEC appear to be potentially related to the
former MGP facilities. NYSDEC is aware of the existence of parcels to which coal tar
contamination may have migrated from the original former MGP facility parcels, particularly
near Public Place. Parcels which further investigation shows are associated with the former
MGP facility contamination will be addressed by National Grid, most likely as part of a second
cleanup phase after the primary former MGP source areas have been addressed.
V-19
Direct overland runoff from undeveloped areas immediately adjacent to the
waterbody still occurs, but is insignificant in terms of magnitude and impact when
compared to combined sewer and stormwater discharges. Therefore nonpoint
source loads are not considered in the receiving water model. (NYCDEP
Receiving Water Quality Modeling Report – Volume 4 – Gowanus Canal. City-
Wide Long Term CSO Control Planning Project – September 2007, page 3-3).
NYC has a green infrastructure implementation plan for the coming years that it expects
will lead to an incremental reduction in runoff entering the combined sewers and reduce
CSOs to the canal. An added objective for this green infrastructure plan should be
aiming to reduce the surface runoff that can discharge directly to the canal.
Unpermitted Pipe Outfalls
Nearly 250 outfalls were identified and evaluated in the RI. Based on the RI data and
measurements, the loadings from the unpermitted outfalls are insignificant by
comparison to other sources, such as the CSOs. The EPA’s assessment in this regard
is consistent with NYCDEP’s 2008 WWFP:
The NYCDEP Shoreline Survey Program has identified numerous point source
discharges to Gowanus Canal. Approximately 144 outfalls were identified by the
Shoreline Survey, of which about 126 were not already addressed elsewhere in
this report as combined-sewer or storm sewer outfalls. . . .Overall, the total
contribution of flow from these additional point sources was determined to be
insignificant relative to CSO and stormwater inputs. The 154 MGD average
induced flow resulting from the Flushing Tunnel, as described elsewhere in this
report, further diminishes the significance of these inputs. (NYCDEP WWFP,
2008, pages 4-35 and 4-39).
Nevertheless, the selected remedy includes measures to control discharges through the
unpermitted outfalls to the canal. Unpermitted discharges will be terminated by either
sealing the pipes or requiring the property owner to obtain the necessary permit to
continue the discharge.
Direct Loading of Solids from Eroding Fill Material along Shoreline through Broken
Bulkheads
Solids contributed by erosion (including through bulkheads in disrepair) are of potential
concern to the remedy if the solids contribute hazardous substances. Cleanup of the
upland parcels should reduce or eliminate such hazardous substance loadings via
erosion. In addition, the EPA anticipates that the majority of the bulkheads along the
canal will be upgraded prior to or during the course of the remedial action, limiting the
contribution of fill material via erosion through bulkheads. Where replacement is not
needed for purposes of the remedy, the EPA will facilitate a streamlined permitting
approach to reduce transaction costs and expedite approval.
In cases where bulkheads are so deteriorated that they may fail when the temporary
sheet-piling is removed after dredging, the EPA intends to cooperate with NYC on
inspection and enforcement of existing NYC bulkhead maintenance requirements.
V-20
Other Pipe Outfalls
Comment #9: National Grid provided comments related to the existence of unpermitted
pipe outfalls along the length of the canal. The comments focused on characterization
of the potential discharges from the pipes and the significance of the discharges to the
evaluation and design of a remedy. The specific comments included the following:
 The RI did not evaluate wet weather discharges from any of these pipes. As a
result, the chemical loading from these unpermitted discharges is unknown.
 Loading from the over 200 unpermitted pipes could be a significant factor in the
evaluation of a Site remedy
 The EPA’s investigations of unpermitted pipes is more of a “snapshot” and does not
provide the entire story because they were not conducted concurrently with releases
of contaminants from upland sources.
 There is no reference in the Proposed Plan as to where the data from the additional
work of “tracing outfall features to their origin” can be found.
Response #9: The selected remedy requires that the unpermitted discharges be
terminated by either sealing the pipes or requiring the property owner to obtain the
necessary permit from New York State in order to continue the discharge. These
measures will ensure that unpermitted discharges will not compromise the remedy’s
effectiveness and sustainability. The EPA will work with NYSDEC and NYCDEP to
identify the property owners associated with unpermitted pipe outfalls and develop a
plan to address the discharges.
Based on independent evaluations, both the EPA and NYCDEP concluded that the
overall loading from the unpermitted pipes is minor compared to CSO and stormwater
inputs. As noted above, the WWFP states that "Overall, the total contribution of flow
from these additional point sources was determined to be insignificant relative to CSO
and storm water inputs. The 154 [million gallons per day] average induced flow
resulting from the Flushing Tunnel... further diminishes the significance of these inputs”
(NYCDEP, 2008). Additional work to fully characterize and quantify the loadings from
these pipes is unwarranted, given that they will be sealed or permitted as part of the
remedy. Additional details of the pipe outfall evaluation, including the work that was
performed to trace outfall features to their origin, are provided in the RI report, Appendix
G: Survey of Outfall Features to the Canal.
Former Manufactured Gas Plant Facility Cleanups
Comment #10: A commenter asked whether there is a settlement agreement between
National Grid and the State of New York to carry out the design and construction of
remedial work at the three former MGPs facilities located along the canal.
Response #10: National Grid is the primary PRP for the former MGP facilities. The
investigation and cleanup of the former Fulton Municipal Works and Metropolitan MGP
facilities are being addressed by National Grid under an agreement with the State of
New York. That agreement also covers a number of other additional facilities formerly
V-21
operated by Brooklyn Union Gas. Public Place is being addressed in a similar manner
by National Grid under the State’s Brownfield Cleanup programs. The design of the
remedy that was selected for Public Place in 2007 is approximately 50% complete.
Comment #11: Because of the inability to remove all of the contaminants from the
former MGP facilities and a concern that unforeseen events, such as a hurricane, might
cause a release of contaminants, a commenter suggested that it be mandated that the
former MGP properties be restricted to open space, parkland or restored wetlands
rather than residential development.
Response #11: The intent of remediating the former MGP facilities is to prevent the
migration of contaminants into the canal, prevent exposure of the public and ecological
receptors to contamination and remove or immobilize as much of the contaminant
source material as practicable. This may be accomplished through a variety of
measures, such as containment, treatment, removal and institutional controls. The
extent of the remediation of the former MGP facilities will be a function of the intended
future use of each property and the potential for the contamination to affect off-Site
properties, including the canal itself. If the intended future use of the former MGP
facilities is residential, the remedies will need to be consistent with restricted residential
cleanup objectives.
Comment #12: A commenter noted that the NYC parks department needs to work with
the EPA, National Grid and NYSDEC to properly excavate the coal tar-contaminated
soils under the pool at the Thomas Greene Park (the park overlies the former Fulton
MGP State Superfund site). Another commenter requested that the EPA demand the
highest level of remediation possible for the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site
from National Grid. Several commenters suggested that the EPA use its Superfund
authority to enforce the entire upland area cleanup in a coordinated fashion that will not
cause multiple disruptions to the community and its resources. Other commenters
suggested that the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site be incorporated into the
Superfund cleanup to ensure the protectiveness of the remedy.
Response #12: National Grid is undertaking the investigation and cleanup of the three
former MGP facilities under New York State supervision. While NYSDEC has not yet
completed the remedy selection process for the former Fulton MGP State Superfund
site (it is anticipated that National Grid will complete an FS report this year), New York
State regulations governing the State Superfund program require source removal or
control for all remedies, including former MGP facilities. NYSDEC will ensure that each
remedy will adequately address the source of the contamination so as to prevent the
migration of contamination into the canal. The EPA and NYSDEC have agreed to a
coordinated cleanup schedule through which the agencies will seek to maximum
efficiencies while minimizing construction impacts to the extent possible.
Comment #13: Bluestone Gowanus Green Partners indicated that its proposal for Public
Place will provide much needed affordable housing and public open space. The
commenter expressed concern about the timeliness of the completion of the remedy for
V-22
Public Place former MGP facility. Bluestone Gowanus Green Partners also expressed
a desire to discuss with the EPA and NYSDEC the design for this facility. Specifically,
they would like to discuss excavation depths, barrier wall materials, the barrier wall and
its final location and the location of tie backs for the barrier wall, location of collection
wells and any other facility or access connected to the remediation which might
ultimately be located on the former MGP facility.
Response #13: The cleanup of Public Place will be completed in accordance with a
schedule agreed upon between the EPA and NYSDEC to insure that releases from this
facility are controlled in a timely manner so as not to affect the integrity of the canal
remedy as the canal remedy is implemented. That schedule is intended to provide a
timeframe by which upland source control work must be done. The design of the
remedy is roughly 50 percent complete at this time. A large-scale pilot test is scheduled
to begin in early fall 2013.
NYC owns more than half of the property subject to the Public Place cleanup and also
owns the Bond-Lorraine sewer beneath the property, which will need to be replaced as
part of the cleanup. The sewer replacement will remove sewer flow obstructions which
have been present at this location for decades. In so doing, the project will help reduce
the frequency and volume of CSO events in this area of the canal. The locations for
barrier wall tiebacks are dictated largely by the need to protect the reconstructed sewer
line.
It is well known that significant redevelopment is anticipated around the canal, including
high density residential redevelopment along the banks of the canal that has already
been approved. NYC fully supports the cleanup and redevelopment of this parcel and
has made it available to Bluestone Gowanus Green Partners. If redevelopment plans
necessitate the refinement of the remedial design, NYSDEC has indicated that it is
willing to discuss such modifications with NYC and the developer.
It should be noted that the EPA does not have a formal role with respect to land use
zoning and related issued regarding upland properties along the canal. NYSDEC,
which is overseeing National Grid’s work, and NYC, as owner of the property and
through its zoning and building construction regulatory process, have the primary roles
regarding cleanup schedules and design considerations.
Comment #14: A commenter expressed concern that failure to install the proposed
cutoff wall as an interim remedial measure at the former Fulton MGP State Superfund
site to prevent further migration of NAPL into the canal in a timely manner would
significantly delay the commencement of the cleanup of the canal. The commenter also
stated that since the design and proposed location of the cutoff wall have yet to be
presented to the public, not only is the coordination of the implementation of this remedy
with the overall cleanup of the canal in question, but understanding the impacts of
where the NAPL could possibly migrate to if it is prevented from entering the canal
create additional concerns about the health and safety of nearby residents, businesses
and park and pool users. In addition, states the commenter, National Grid insists that
V-23
coal tar waste only migrates downward, whereas the EPA has stated that NAPL can
migrate downward and upward and can be transported via groundwater.
Response #14: In January 2012, NYSDEC directed National Grid to begin an expedited
remedial design of a cutoff wall as an interim remedial measure for the former Fulton
MGP State Superfund site. The purpose of this wall is to prevent subsurface migration
of NAPL from this former MGP facility into the sediments at the bottom of the canal.
NAPL generally migrates laterally or laterally and downwards through soil, depending
on its specific gravity. Once in the canal, however, other processes, such as ebullition
from gas bubbles, may cause small amounts of NAPL to rise. Regardless of the
direction NAPL migrates, it is anticipated that hydraulic controls will be necessary to
prevent the migration of NAPL and contaminated groundwater around the cutoff wall.
Accordingly, the design will include a NAPL collection system similar to the system
included in the Public Place design to prevent the redirection of NAPL flow to
surrounding areas.
Comment #15: A commenter expressed concern about how the future elimination of the
migration of NAPL will be achieved, since remedies have not been selected for two of
the three former MGP facilities.
Response #15: While remedies have not been selected for the Fulton and Metropolitan
former MGP facilities, based upon the remedy that has been selected for the Public
Place former MGP facility, it is assumed that the remedies will include the removal of
mobile sources, construction of cutoff walls along the canal and active recovery of
NAPL near the cutoff walls for each of the former MGP facilities. These remedies,
which are consistent with techniques used at other former MGP facilities in New York
State, will prevent the migration of contamination from the former MGP facilities into the
canal. The cleanup of the former MGP facilities will be completed in accordance with
schedules agreed upon between the EPA and NYSDEC to insure that releases from the
former MGP facilities are controlled in a timely enough manner so as not to affect the
integrity of the canal remedy.
Comment #16: A commenter asked how much the remediation of the three former MGP
facilities being undertaken by National Grid will cost.
Response #16: While NYSDEC has not yet completed the remedy selection process for
the Fulton and Metropolitan former MGP facilities, NYSDEC has selected a remedy for
the Public Place former MGP facility. Based on National Grid’s remedial design work
performed for the Public Place former MGP facility to date, the cost to address this
facility is estimated to be $175-200 million. It is assumed that the costs for the two other
former MGP facilities would each be in the same range or less.
Remediation Plan
Comment #17: A commenter requested that the EPA stick with the remedy described in
the Proposed Plan and not let any of the components be negotiated away. Another
V-24
commenter stated that the RI report had some data gaps with regard to the nature of
landfilling around the Gowanus Canal. The commenter provided some background
material suggesting that the 4th Street turning basin, which the Proposed Plan did not
address, be included in the remediation proposal. Several other commenters also
suggested that the 4th Street turning basin be addressed.
Response #17: While the essential components of the selected remedy (dredging,
capping and CSO abatement) are the same as the remedy proposed in the Proposed
Plan, several modifications were made to portions of the selected remedy.
The Proposed Plan presented two disposal options for the lesser contaminated
sediments dredged from the lower portion of the canal--off-Site stabilization and reuse
or on-Site stabilization followed by their placement in a CDF located on privately-owned
property at the Gowanus Bay Terminal (GBX) on Columbia Street in Red Hook---that
would be evaluated based upon community input and acceptance. The EPA’s intent
was to introduce the on-Site stabilization and CDF creation option and discuss its merits
with the community. If the community objected to it following the public presentations,
the option would not be selected.
During the public comment period, significant concerns were expressed about the
option of using on-Site stabilization of the lesser contaminated sediments dredged from
the lower portion of the canal and their placement in a CDF. As a result of the
community’s concerns, this disposal option was eliminated from consideration. These
sediments will be stabilized off-Site and beneficially reused to the extent possible.
It should be noted that some confusion exists as to the names of the various turning
basins. The 4th Street turning basin connects with the filled in 5th Street turning basin at
the location of the 3rd Avenue Bridge. The selected dredging and capping remedy
includes the remediation of the 4th Street turning basin. Based upon suggestions made
during the public comment period, the remedy also includes the dredging, capping and
restoration of the portion of the 4th Street turning basin underneath the 3rd Avenue
bridge, as well as the portion of the 5th Street turning basin beginning underneath the
3rd Avenue bridge and extending approximately 25 feet to the east, and the installation
of a barrier or interception system, as determined during remedial design, on the 5th
Street turning basin side of the bridge. This parcel was previously referred by the EPA
to NYSDEC for investigation as an additional upland source area.
Dredging Complete Soft Sediment Column Negatively Impacts Dissolved Oxygen
Content in Canal
Comment #18: NYCDEP and National Grid point out that the decreased velocity of
surface water through the canal resulting from a deeper channel depth as a result of
dredging may result in a net decrease in the dissolved oxygen content of the canal.
NYCDEP points out that it has invested $150 million retrofitting the Flushing Tunnel to
deliver higher flow rates to help maintain dissolved oxygen levels at standards set by
the State of New York and these efforts may be insufficient to meet the standards with
V-25
the deeper channel. NYCDEP also states that the organic pollutants in the canal would
undergo oxidation for a longer period of time, stressing dissolved oxygen
concentrations.
Response #18: While a deeper channel will slow the water flow rate in the canal
compared to a shallower channel and may decrease the dissolved oxygen
concentrations in portions of the canal, potential decreases in dissolved oxygen from a
deeper channel would likely be offset by the reduced load of organic matter in the canal
as a result of CSO controls and the removal of the large organic load already present in
the existing soft sediment. The present conditions at the canal bottom generate a high
demand for oxygen which is consumed during reactions with the chemical and
biological contaminants. A clean canal bottom will result in a higher concentration of
available oxygen in the water.
Studies performed by National Grid demonstrate that the CSOs are a source of the
dissolved oxygen depletion in the canal. The remedy controls for CSOs will reduce the
discharge of organic matter in the canal and, therefore, will reduce oxygen
consumption. Furthermore, modeling performed by National Grid and NYCDEP using
independent models suggests that, under the scenario where CSO discharges have not
been reduced and the Flushing Tunnel is operating, dissolved oxygen concentrations
would be near the dissolved oxygen standard. As a result, under the selected remedy
with reduced CSO discharges and removal of the chemical contaminants from the canal
bottom, improvements to dissolved oxygen levels, while not evaluated, may be
significant. This position is consistent with the findings of each of the major NYCDEP
reports on the canal since 1983. The reports have consistently indicated that both the
CSO discharges and the CSO-impacted sediment are major factors in reduced
dissolved oxygen levels:
CSO outfall solids produce a solids mound at the head of the Canal that causes
high sediment oxygen demand (SOD). SOD in other areas of the Canal result
from settled solids but to a lesser degree.” (NYCDEP, Inner Harbor CSO Facility
Planning Project, Modeling Report, December 1993, page C-1).
Organic material deposited through the settling of combined sewer overflow over
many years is present in the Canal. Removal of this material may reduce
sediment oxygen demand (SOD) which contributes substantially to low dissolved
oxygen levels. Another benefit of dredging is the improved aesthetics of the
waterbody by removing sediment mounds which are visible during low tide.
Dredging of the Canal was recommended under the Gowanus Canal 201
Facilities 'Plan. (NYCDEP, Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Final
Draft Facilities Planning Report, July 1993, page 7-31).
At the head of Gowanus Canal where the largest dissolved oxygen deficits were
calculated, CSOs contribute up to about 70 percent of the total deficit, with CSO
discharges from the Gowanus Pump Station alone accounting for up to 67
percent of the total deficit. Stormwater discharges, background (Upper New York
Bay) dissolved-oxygen deficits, and residual sediment oxygen demand account
for the remaining 30 percent of the deficit. Point source pollutants have been
identified as being the major contributor to the water quality impairments found in
V-26
Gowanus Canal (NYSDEC, 2002)…. In the Gowanus Canal watershed, point
source loadings originate from the combined sewer system, and/or from storm
sewer discharges. These discharges are the source of high organic-content
solids and coliform, which ultimately promote low dissolved oxygen conditions,
high coliform concentrations, and formation of sediment mounds with high
sediment oxygen demand (SOD).” (NYCDEP, Receiving Water Quality Modeling
Report, 2007, page 2-6 and 3-13).
As discussed elsewhere, the EPA believes that a range of remedial benefits support the
complete removal of the soft sediment. Similarly, a range of benefits support a
restoration of increased upper canal depths, including non-commercial navigation needs
and protection of the cap. These remedial benefits do not appear to be offset by the
limited risk that dissolved oxygen will be negatively impacted by increased depths. In
the unlikely event that such increased water depths are shown in the future to have
severe negative impacts on dissolved oxygen, the canal depth could be readily
decreased through the addition of clean fill material as needed to mitigate those
impacts.
Dredging Challenges
Comment #19: NYCDEP and National Grid assert that the Proposed Plan does not
consider how dredging operations should be conducted in view of the challenges
presented by the canal conditions. Site specific restrictions and future use need to be
considered. Items that need to be considered include:
 Bathymetry
 Canal width
 Infrastructure
 Debris
 Waterbody access
 Currents
 Coordination of removal, treatment, and disposal
 Geotechnical conditions
Response #19: The EPA agrees that the canal presents challenging conditions (limited
space, water depths, bathymetry, CSOs, potential impacts to the public, etc.). Many of
the technical challenges listed in the comments were considered at the conceptual level
in the FS report (for example, potential for sediment resuspension during dredging is
addressed through the use of sheet pile cells). Operational challenges, such as narrow
width and limited land access, will be further explored and addressed during the design.
A detailed layout of the entire dredging, stabilizing and disposal process will be
prepared as part of the design, integrating the identified challenges.
NYCDEP is currently required by its order with the State to conduct a more limited
dredging at the head of the canal. If implemented, this dredging would require, to a
lesser extent, addressing many of the same constraints, including bulkhead stability,
resuspension, capping and site limitations. Based on the EPA’s experience with other
sediment sites, the selected remedy is implementable.
V-27
Dredging Design Criteria
Comment #20: NYCDEP and National Grid note that the Proposed Plan did not
consider dredging design criteria. They asserted that factors that need to be considered
include:
 Tolerances
 Slopes
 Volumes
 Treatment
 Disposal
 Schedule and length of activities
Response #20: The selected remedy considered these criteria in a conceptual manner.
The criteria will be addressed in detail during the remedial design.
Potential Impacts to Public
Comment #21: The PRP Group notes that dredging could have negative impacts on the
public. It will bring NAPL to the surface of the water, and it is expected that odorous
volatile constituents will be released to the atmosphere from the water surface.
Response #21: The short-term and long-term impacts of the dredging and capping
alternatives were evaluated as part of the FS. Releases of NAPL during dredging were
identified as a significant concern and an approach to address it was included in the
remedial alternatives. Releases of NAPL will also be addressed by using best
management practices during dredging to minimize release of suspended sediments
and NAPL. Air monitoring will be conducted and mitigation measures will be
implemented during the remedial activities to control release of hazardous volatile
organic compounds.
Sediment Resuspension and Residual Contamination
Comment #22: National Grid opines that resuspension evaluations with appropriate
modeling are needed to predict suspended solids concentrations as a function of
distance and time, resuspension rates, related potential for contaminant release to
water and air and residual sediments. No such evaluations were conducted or even
considered in developing the Proposed Plan.
Response #22: Modeling of sediment resuspension and estimation of resuspension
rates will be performed as part of the remedial design. These will be compared to
performance standards to evaluate the appropriate operational and engineering
controls.
Since the placement of the cap is envisioned as taking place after the generated
residuals have settled, it is not clear why the presence of “residual sediments” would be
a concern, especially when the entire footprint of the canal is to be dredged and the
entire dredging footprint will be capped.
V-28
Sheet Pile Enclosed Cells and Treatment of Water Within Cells
Comment #23: National Grid states that mechanical dredging may be the most suitable
technology for dredging in the canal. National Grid notes that the Proposed Plan
assumes that all dredging and capping will be conducted within the enclosures, the
enclosures will capture all resuspended sediment and overlying water from the
enclosures will be treated prior to opening the enclosures. Specific issues with this
approach include:
 No technical evaluations and consideration of the potential negative impacts of
implementing such controls.
 The effect of channel narrowing from these enclosures was not considered.
 The proposed treatment of the impacted cell water would be inadequate.
Concentration of the impacted water would create odors
National Grid suggests that the ROD allow flexibility in the type of controls needed.
Response #23: The ROD allows flexibility in how the dredging will be performed. Sheet
pile enclosures were selected as the representative sediment resuspension control due
to the presence of NAPL in the sediments. The approach for controlling resuspension
and the use of sheet pile enclosures to achieve this will be finalized during the design.
Alternative approaches, including the use of reinforced silt curtains, may be appropriate
for some sections of the canal and will be considered during the design.
Sediment resuspension controls will concentrate resuspension within a smaller area.
As National Grid acknowledges, mechanical dredging may be the most suitable
technology for dredging in the canal, so that the best way to limit releases to air will be
to follow dredging best management practices to minimize the disturbance of sediments
during the dredging process. The need for additional controls to limit releases to air will
be evaluated during the design.
For sheet pile enclosures, the number of volumes of water to be treated, the size of the
water treatment system, and the location of the discharge of the treated water will be
determined during the design. Regardless, a sudden release of water with elevated
contaminant concentrations will not be allowed.
Treatment and Disposal of Dredged Sediments
Comment #24: National Grid notes that the EPA indicates that all treatment/disposal
options will include barging dredged sediment to a “local on-site dewatering and transfer
facility.” The remedy does not account for inevitable delays due to things like:
 Public concern and releases, not to mention the very real challenges to re-handling
and transport posed by the limited access to the canal.
 Acceptable offloading and treatment sites.
 Considerations for the special needs for stabilization and thermal treatment.
V-29
Response #24: As stated previously, a detailed layout of the entire dredging, stabilizing,
and disposal process will be prepared as part of the remedial design, integrating the
identified challenges.
Identification of a beneficial use for the stabilized material is an iterative process that
begins with the identification of a proposed beneficial use, development of the
associated performance criteria for the stabilized material for that particular use (e.g.,
material strength, leaching capacity, porosity/hydraulic conductivity, resistance to
weathering or corrosion, etc.), and then treatability testing to determine the stabilization
requirements (e.g., reagents, mix ratios, curing times) that will result in meeting the
established performance criteria. Preliminary beneficial uses currently identified are
based on contacts with landfill operators and other vendors. These options will be
refined during the remedial design.
Should landfill disposal be determined to be required, treatability testing will be
performed during the design phase to determine the minimum amount of
stabilization/dewatering needed so the sediments can reliably meet the requirements of
the selected landfill. Also, discussions will be held with multiple landfills before a
selection is made to ensure that the selected landfill can accept the stabilized
sediments.
Dredging Specifics
Comment #25: Two commenters asked where the staging areas for the implementation
of the remedy will be sited and generalized logistics related to dredging.
Response #25: Staging areas may be needed for one or more operations, including de-
watering, water treatment, construction material storage and stabilized sediment
transfer. The location of staging areas will be determined during the design based on
engineering considerations, such as the size of the operation and suitable available
land. The EPA will update the community on our staging area selection during the
design. Any equipment for operations such as water treatment will be utilized only for
the project duration, and will be de-contaminated and removed following their use.
Dewatering and treatment of decanted water may also potentially occur on barges.
Appropriate control measures will be used to monitor and minimize project impacts,
such as noise and odor. The EPA currently anticipates that the logistics of dredging
within the largely narrow canal will generally result in only limited volumes of sediment
being handled at any one time. The EPA will continue the ongoing outreach with the
community regarding the project design and implementation, including monitoring and
control measures.
Comment #26: A commenter inquired as to the volume of contaminated sediment
present in the canal, the volume of contaminated sediment that will be dredged, the
sediment cleanup level and the area that will be capped.
Response #26: Deep borings installed in the canal adjacent to Public Place by National
Grid in 2010 indicated that contamination extends to a depth in excess of 50 feet below
V-30
the sediment surface. Since it would not be practical to dredge the contaminated
sediments to such a depth, the entire column of hazardous substance-contaminated
soft sediment will be dredged. Soft sediments are the sediments which have
accumulated above the native sediments. The soft sediment layer ranges in thickness
from approximately 1 foot to greater than 20 feet, with an average thickness of about 10
feet. The estimated volume of sediments that would be dredged is 588,000 cubic yards.
Since highly contaminated native sediment that cannot be dredged will remain after all
of the soft sediment is removed, sediment contaminant cleanup levels have not been
defined. Instead, a multilayer cap will be installed over the areas that are dredged,
leaving a clean surface which will be monitored to ensure that re-contamination does
not occur. The areal extent of the capped areas will be approximately 13 acres.
Comment #27: To facilitate the implementation of the remedy at the Gowanus Canal, a
commenter urged the EPA to seek input on the ongoing dredging and capping effort at
the Onondaga Lake site.
Response #27: The Onondaga Lake site is a National Priorities List site. While
NYSDEC has the lead for managing the project, the EPA was actively involved in
remedy-selection process and the design effort and is assisting NYSDEC in the
oversight of the implementation of the remedy at that site. Relevant lessons learned
from that site will be applied to the Gowanus Canal site.
Comment #28: A commenter suggested that the EPA provide estimates on how much
the dredging will lower the canal water depth.
Response #28: The water level in the canal is influenced by the tide and the water level
in the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay. Dredging the sediments will not affect
the surface water level; it will only increase the distance between the water surface and
the bottom of the canal. After soft sediment removal and native sediment capping is
completed, the anticipated water depths in RTA14 1, RTA 2 and RTA 3 are -18 feet, -22
feet, and -28. 5 to -41. 5 feet (NVAD88), respectively.
Hazardous Waste Disposal
Comment #29: The Sediment Management Workgroup asserts that the FS report fails
to account for the volume of wastes requiring disposal as hazardous waste.
Response #29: Representative, whole-core composite samples throughout the canal
were collected during the RI and analyzed for toxicity characteristic leaching procedure,
as well as reactivity, ignitibility, and corrosivity. These data are presented in Table I-20
(Appendix I) of the RI report. The definition of hazardous waste involves a range of
highly specific parameters. The only parameter that exceeded any of the hazardous
14 To facilitate the assessment and management of the canal, it was divided into three
Remediation Target Areas (RTAs) that correspond to the upper reach (RTA 1), middle reach
(RTA 2) and lower reach (RTA 3).
V-31
waste thresholds was benzene and only at two core locations collected from the central
portion of the canal in RTA 2. Given the limited spatial extent of the sediment with this
exceedance, it is expected that most if not all of the dredged sediment will be classified
as a non-hazardous waste. Although not categorized as hazardous waste, the dredged
sediment will contain an array of hazardous substances which require proper treatment,
handling and disposal. During the remedial design, extensive confirmatory sampling will
be conducted before disposal of the sediment to confirm the above assumption made in
the FS and to assure that all dredged sediment is classified and managed appropriately.
Only a single sample contained PCBs above the 50 mg/kg threshold that triggers the
Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). While it is possible that a small amount of
sediment will require treatment as a TSCA-regulated waste, the spatial extent of
elevated PCB concentrations is very limited and constrained to the turning basins.
Sites for Treatment/Disposal
Comment #30: Community Board Six asserts that in order to evaluate off-Site thermal
desorption and beneficial use, off-Site disposal in a landfill and off-Site cogeneration
and beneficial use treatment/disposal options, the facilities under consideration need to
be identified, as does the evaluation criteria that will be used by the EPA.
Response #30: While facilities were contacted to explore these disposal options during
the preparation of the FS report, specific facilities to be used during remedy
implementation are not yet identified—identification of potential facilities is performed
during the remedial design, and a specific facility is selected during the contracting and
subcontracting process at the onset of remedy implementation. The treatment and
disposal options presented in the FS report and ROD are representative examples of
options and are not prescriptive to a specific facility or location.
All treatment and disposal facilities considered during the remedial design would be
required to be EPA-approved facilities that meet the appropriate Subtitle D or Subtitle C
designation per the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, depending on upon the
final waste classification determination. Additional considerations that are typically
evaluated during the selection process include the distance from the site, available
means of transportation, tipping fees, degree of pretreatment required and ability to
handle the amount of waste generated in a given duration.
Beneficial Use
Comment #31: National Grid and NYCDEP asserts that the beneficial use options (off-
Site stabilization and off-Site beneficial use and off-Site stabilization and on-Site
beneficial use) should be defined to aid in the evaluation of these options.
Community Board Six inquired whether having an abundance of beneficial use material
as a construction product under Options D and E make the necessary capital work in
the Gowanus area more attractive to NYC as a cost-savings. The Board also inquired
V-32
as to who owns the product and can it be given back to the community in the form of
making it available for capital projects.
Response #31: Identification of a beneficial use for the stabilized material is an iterative
process that begins with the identification of a proposed beneficial use, development of
the associated performance criteria for the stabilized material for that particular use
(e.g., material strength, leaching capacity, porosity/hydraulic conductivity, resistance to
weathering or corrosion, etc.), and then treatability testing to determine the stabilization
requirements (e.g., reagents, mix ratios, curing times) that will result in the material
meeting the established performance criteria. The remedial design will consider specific
beneficial uses for the dredged materials. Since stabilization will occur off-Site under
the selected remedy, it is unlikely that the stabilized material will be used for projects in
the canal locality. Most likely, the stabilized material will be used for landfill cover at an
off-Site facility.
Where a beneficial use is identified such that the material can be cost-effectively
stabilized to meet the performance criteria, it is possible that some cost-savings are
realized for capital projects; however, since the potential cost savings are specific to
each particular beneficial application, the potential savings would be estimated once the
application is identified.
The EPA anticipates that the PRPs who generate the waste and will be responsible for
its disposal costs will be entitled to its residual value.
Treatment/Disposal Options D and G
Comment #32: Community Board Six noted that concerns with treatment/disposal
options D (off-Site stabilization and off-Site beneficial use) and G (on-Site confined
disposal facility) were expressed without a clear demonstration of community
acceptance for either option.
Response #32: Option G has been removed based on the lack of public acceptance
expressed during the public comment period. Option D will only be implemented if an
appropriate and cost-effective means of beneficial use is identified during the remedial
design.
Soft Sediment In-Situ Stabilization In-Lieu of Dredging
Comment #33: National Grid asserts that based on the data derived from its
stabilization tests on soft, native and combined sediments, ISS of soft sediments and
also combining soft and native sediment stabilization are viable alternatives to soft
sediment removal.
Response #33: The EPA has reviewed National Grid’s data and agrees that ISS of soft
sediment can be performed to increase the strength of the soft sediment, as well as that
of the combined soft and native sediments. However, the increased strength will come
with a corresponding decrease in permeability over the length of the entire canal and a
corresponding reduction in groundwater discharge to the canal. In addition, because
the soft sediments contain a higher degree of water than the native sediments, more
stabilization material will likely be required to solidify them. This would likely result in
V-33
an expanded mass of material, reducing canal depths and complicating the design of a
protective cap. For these reasons, uniform application of ISS of the soft sediment to
allow capping is not considered a viable option for the canal.
As for combining soft and native sediment stabilization, the extent of the area of native
sediment to be stabilized was not precisely identified in the comment. While preliminary
ISS target areas were identified in the FS report, the precise stabilization areas, which
are dependent on whether mobile NAPL is present in the native sediments, will be
identified during the remedial design. The EPA has tested two transects within the
target area identified in the FS and only one of them (adjacent to Public Place) had
mobile NAPL. The other one, near the former Metropolitan MPG facility, had relatively
low NAPL impacts in native sediment which would not warrant stabilization. This
indicates that the areas of native sediment stabilization will likely be discontinuous. If
native sediment stabilization is discontinuous, stabilizing soft sediment only in these
places could result in severe changes in canal bottom elevation because the soft
sediment would be dredged to a lower elevation in other areas.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Migration After Soft Sediment Removal
Comment #34: National Grid asserts that since the soft sediment has less NAPL
impacts than the native sediment, removal of soft sediment could actually increase
NAPL migration to the canal.
Response #34: Existing subsurface NAPL is currently migrating to the canal by three
mechanisms: lateral movement from an upland source via a connected mobile NAPL
phase; upward transport by the hydrodynamic force of the groundwater discharge and
ebullition15 of biogenic gasses in the sediment that carry NAPL to the water surface.
Upland source control actions are expected to remove the NAPL pathway from the
upland areas. NAPL migration from hydrodynamic forces will be mitigated by stabilizing
native sediment in potentially mobile areas and constructing an active cap to control
NAPL and dissolved-phase releases.
Observations made by the EPA indicate that ebullition is a significant transport
mechanism for NAPL migration.
NYCDEP has discussed the production of substantial biogenic gas production
(ebullition) in several reports. NYCDEP noted the following in the Receiving Water
Quality Modeling Report – Volume 4 – Gowanus Canal , City-Wide Long Term CSO
Control Planning Project (September 2007):
A sediment mound that is exposed at low tides has formed at the head end of the
canal due to historical CSO discharges.…Particulate solids are discharged by dry
weather overflows, CSOs and stormwater discharges. These particulate solids
settle to the bottom sediments of Gowanus Canal, and promote a series of
chemical reactions that utilize dissolved oxygen in the aerobic sediment layer
15 Ebullition is a naturally-occurring process where degradation of organic matter in sediment
releases gasses that can form bubbles and be transported up through the water column.
V-34
and the water column. As oxygen is depleted in the sediment layer, anaerobic
reactions begin. Sediment reactions produce hydrogen sulfide, which either
oxidizes in the aerobic layer of the sediment or migrates up from the sediment
into the water column. The entire process is known as diagenesis. Physical
indicators that such reactions are occurring in receiving waters are strong odors
of hydrogen sulfide and sediment mounds at discharge points. Both indicators
are apparent in Gowanus Canal.
NYCDEP also presents similar analyses in the Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning
Project – Task 4. 3B – Gowanus Canal Modeling, December 1993.
The EPA performed literature reviews on the conditions for NAPL migration by ebullition
and has included a white paper on this topic as part of the Administrative Record for the
Site. The conclusions from that analysis are as follows:
If NAPL is present in the sediment, through ebullition, it attaches to the bubble and
migrates on the surface of the bubble (or in some cases within the bubble). When the
bubble breaks on the water surface, a NAPL sheen is released. Alternatively, some
droplets do not burst and eventually sink to the bottom of the water body as the gas
escapes and the droplet becomes denser than water, thus redepositing the NAPL at a
new location, depending on water velocities and other factors. The amount of ebullition
gasses generated has a direct correlation to the amount of organic matter available in
the sediment. Gasses released by ebullition can be a significant challenge to the long-
term reliability of any sediment cap. The gasses can build up under the cap and cause
a rupture through the cap, thus creating a preferential pathway. In order to prevent this
buildup, the gasses need to be collected and vented.
The soft sediment has a much higher potential for ebullition than the native sediment.
NAPL is transported through bulkheads and up from the native sediment by the NAPL
gradient and groundwater discharge to the canal. Once in the soft sediment, the
upward transport of NAPL is enhanced by ebullition in the soft sediments. Transport via
ebullition likely accounts for the lower concentrations of NAPL in soft sediment
compared to native sediment. NAPL in the soft sediment is being stripped by ebullition
gasses, which result in transport through the soft sediment and migration to the surface
water. The conditions that enhance ebullition in soft sediment compared to native are:
 The amount of TOC. TOC is a primary contributor to the potential for sediment
ebullition. The TOC of the soft sediment ranges from six to 15 percent compared to
a range in the native sediment of 0. 5 to 2. 5 percent. Some studies have indicated
that the rate of ebullition increases proportionally with the amount of organic content,
resulting in an increase in ebullition rate potential six times higher for soft sediment
(15 % TOC) over native sediment (2. 5% TOC).
 Natural Organic carbon. Organic carbon in the native sediment is chemically bound
in coal tar and other petroleum compounds that are not highly degradable. The soft
sediment which is dominated by the CSO discharges contains high amounts of
available natural organic carbon from sewage and humic materials and from more
readily degraded organic compounds
 Higher temperature. The soft sediments are warmer than native sediments, since
the soft sediments are in direct contact with the warmer surface water, whereas
V-35
native sediment temperatures are controlled by groundwater temperatures. The
warmer soft sediment temperatures in the summer increase the rate of ebullition.
Removal of the soft sediment would result in much lower ebullition potential and,
therefore, higher long-term reliability for the cap.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Expression
Comment #35: National Grid presented an analysis by one of its consultants for
sediment samples tested under compressive forces and concluded that the NAPL would
not migrate under the compressive forces of a sediment cap.
Response #35: The EPA has reviewed the test results and has concluded that the
samples tested were not representative of the soft sediment strength and the NAPL
impacts for many areas of the canal based on the observations stated below.
Sample Depth
The three Gowanus Canal sediment samples were collected “near the soft and native
sediment” interface. A review of the boring logs and photographs from the RI report and
a recent sampling event indicate that the exact transition between soft and native
sediment layers can be difficult to identify. A more appropriate depth horizon for the
samples used in the expression tests would have been from near the surface of the soft
sediment, not near the soft-native interface.
Sample Location
The samples were not collected in the locations of the most severe NAPL impacts. This
can be seen through comparison with Figure 6A of Appendix A of the FS report, which
shows a graph of the NAPL impacts in soft and native sediment. A boring was taken
near Public Place former MGP facility, but it was not tested due to poor recovery.
Therefore, the most severe NAPL impacts in soft sediment were not tested in this
analysis.
Sample Strength
The EPA notes that in the photographs that were provided, the samples are standing
without support in the vertical position. The strength of these samples appears to be
much firmer than the strength of the soft sediment samples collected by the EPA. The
ability for soft sediments to “stand on their own” was not observed for the soft sediment
samples collected by the EPA.
Beyond these direct technical conclusions regarding the soft sediment, the EPA
believes that there are numerous additional considerations in support of soft sediment
removal. These factors, which are discussed in detail elsewhere, include treatment of
principal threat waste, increased cap reliability, reduction of potential vessel damage to
the cap and decreased risk of contaminant migration in the event of cap failure.
V-36
Significance of Soft Sediment Contamination
Comment #36: National Grid asserts that the benefits of removal of complete sets of
contaminants present only in soft sediment (PCBs and metals) should be weighed with
the high costs of complete removal, the likelihood of cap failure and the higher
concentrations of other contaminants (PAHs) in native sediments.
Response #36: While the costs of soft sediment removal are relatively high, so are the
costs of the other feasible options that were considered. There are many factors, other
than cost, that contributed to the EPA’s decision to remove the soft sediment such as
the technical considerations that were described above. Soft sediment removal would
result in increased confidence in remedy reliability and effectiveness, implementability,
and improved navigation.
Capping Soft Sediments As Alternative to Dredging
Comment #37: National Grid asserts that capping on top of soft sediments is a viable
option.
Response #37: Constructing a cap on top of the soft sediment is technically feasible,
but it would not be as reliable as the selected dredging remedy. Capping on top of the
soft sediment has several uncertainties pertaining to the long-term reliability and short-
term risks which were described in the screening of the remedial alternatives in the FS
report.
Recent studies performed by National Grid have provided additional information on the
geotechnical stability of the soft sediment to support a cap. The EPA’s analysis of the
geotechnical data for the soft and the native sediment indicates that the factor of safety
for settlement increases by a factor of eight for capping on top of the native sediments
compared to capping on top of the soft sediments. For example, continued
decomposition of the soft sediment produces gas and liquid byproducts, complicating
cap design. The increased factor of safety provides additional long-term reliability for the
cap and justifies the removal of soft sediment.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid and Dissolved Phase Loading of Active Cap
Comment #38: NYCDEP opines that additional study and analysis is required on the
conceptual design of an active cap before it can be included in the remedy. These
studies should address the NAPL and dissolved phase discharge.
Response #38: Oleophilic clay used for absorption of organic contaminants in sediment
caps is a well developed technology. Numerous studies were listed in the FS report
where oleophilic clay caps have been used successfully. Studies conducted by the
EPA are being used to assess the potential range of expected discharge rates of NAPL
and dissolved phase contaminants from the native sediments. These discharge rates
will be largely influenced by the groundwater upwelling velocity into the canal. The EPA
V-37
is further planning to utilize Distributed Temperature Sensing (DTS)16 or other
technology in a portion of the canal to better understand the characteristics of
groundwater upwelling. These data will be used to estimate groundwater discharge
rates and refine the cap design as appropriate based on location-specific
characteristics. However, additional technologies (such as ISS) will be used in
combination with active capping in certain areas to limit contaminant loading rates and
reduce the amount of oleophilic clay required.
Allowance for Alternative Cap Design Configurations
Comment #39: National Grid states that a cap with treatment, isolation and armor layers
may be appropriate for some portions of the canal, however, since the dimensions and
compositions of these layers will require a substantial design effort; they should not be
prescribed in the ROD.
Response #39: The details of the active cap will be specified during the remedial
design. The ROD includes only the conceptual cap configuration.
Need for Absorptive Layers on In-Situ Stabilization Treated Areas
Comment #40: National Grid states that a treatment layer of oleophilic clay is likely not
needed over solidified sediment since the solidification process dramatically reduces
contaminant mobility. An armor layer is also likely not needed over solidified sediments,
since the sediments are less susceptible to scour. A benthic habitat layer could be
installed over the ISS treatment areas.
Response #40: The EPA agrees that the use of ISS to stabilize highly impacted NAPL
areas will be an effective technology to control NAPL migration. Results of studies
performed since the Proposed Plan was issued verify the ability of ISS to limit NAPL
and dissolved phase migration. This reduction in migration potential is largely the result
of a significant reduction in sediment permeability. Although groundwater discharge
through ISS-treated native sediment areas is greatly reduced, the low permeable ISS
areas may still allow some groundwater flow under certain conditions. For example,
groundwater flow could pass through the ISS treated area if fractures were to develop.
To provide greater long-term reliability of the sediment remedy, some form of treatment
layer cap over the ISS sediment is required. The type and thickness of the treatment
layer in the ISS areas will be evaluated in pilot testing during the remedial design.
16 DTS uses fiber optic cables, paired with specialized electronics and software, to precisely and
continuously measure temperature at thousands of locations over long distances and large
areas. By precisely monitoring temperatures in sediment it is possible to locate where
groundwater is seeping through sediments and into bodies of water. Recent developments of
this technology also allow groundwater discharge rates to be estimated.
V-38
Use of Low Permeability Caps in Remedial Design
Comment #41: National Grid opines that it is premature to eliminate the option of a low
permeability cap before the design process identifies potentially appropriate
technologies to address this concern. The EPA should have discussed the implications
of an impermeable cap that could be subjected to potential uplift, and/or groundwater
would be redirected around the cap and result in discharge along preferential pathways,
such as bulkhead interfaces.
Response #41: Low permeability caps are listed in Table 3-3 of the FS report as a type
of active cap and will be considered in the planned pilot-testing during the remedial
design. The EPA does not consider low permeability caps alone to be as reliable for the
conditions presented at the Site as absorptive caps in NAPL impacted areas and has,
therefore, added ISS for added protection in these areas.
Gas Collection Under Active Cap
Comment #42: National Grid inquires as to how the cap will address methane and other
gas generation beneath the cap which can cause potential uplift and deformation.
Response #42: The EPA agrees that the potential for gas collecting under the cap due
to ebullition is a significant issue that needs to be evaluated during the pilot testing and
the remedial design. The EPA considers remedial measures to reduce ebullition to
have a significant effect on the long-term reliability of the active cap. As noted
previously in the responses related to soft sediment removal, the potential for ebullition
is much greater in soft sediment than in native sediment. Therefore, removal of soft
sediment should reduce the ebullition potential significantly.
If the ebullition potential from the native sediment is found to be excessive, then the
active cap design will incorporate mechanisms that will allow for the release of the
generated gases without it damaging the active cap.
Varying Cap Requirements Within Different Areas of Canal
Comment #43: National Grid notes that cap requirements will vary along the length of
the canal depending on sediment conditions, presence of NAPL, groundwater
expression, ebullition and navigational requirements
Response #43: The remedial design of the active cap will take into account the varying
characteristics and conditions of different areas within the Gowanus Canal, including the
presence of NAPL, groundwater expression, ebullition and navigational requirements.
Studies Needed for Cap Design
Comment #44: National Grid notes that a number of studies are needed for final cap
design:
V-39
 Identify the geotechnical characteristics of the sediment layer to be capped
 Identify contaminant physical characteristics, concentrations, and fluxes
 Identify potential capping materials and their characteristics, including any
amendments that might be necessary to effectively contain contaminants
 Determine design cap thickness and composition
 Evaluate potential erosive forces that might impact a cap and the resulting
impacts on cap design
 Evaluate appropriate equipment and placement techniques
 Monitor performance and apply adaptive management as necessary to achieve
remedial goals
Response #44: The EPA agrees that the proposed studies will likely be necessary to
complete the remedial design of the active cap.
Conceptual Site Model
Comment #45: NYCDEP asserts that the CSM reflects an insufficient understanding of
NAPL transport.
Response #45: The CSM development is considered by the EPA to be an iterative
process, with refinements made as additional information is collected as the project
progresses from investigation/characterization, design, remedy implementation and
post-remedy.
The EPA believes that the information in the characterization phase CSM is adequate to
support the selection of a remedy. The characterization phase CSM integrates key
geologic, hydrogeological and chemical data that supported an effective screening of
remedial alternatives and selection of a remedy. Contaminant nature and extent and
migration pathways are identified. The information in the characterization phase CSM is
adequate for use in the FS and remedy selection.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Spatial Distribution
Comment #46: The PRP Group asserts that there is insufficient information regarding
the spatial distribution of NAPL in the canal.
Response #46: The relative visual NAPL impacts in soft and native sediment were
assessed in Appendix A of the FS report. This appendix shows the apparent
distribution of NAPL in soft and native sediment from over 130 different borings
throughout the canal, and includes plots of the spatial distribution of NAPL impacts at
the soft and native sediment interface. The areas that appeared to contain NAPL-
saturated sediment at the interface between the native and soft sediment layers were
also identified. Areas where NAPL-saturated sediments occur at the soft-native
sediment interface were considered to be areas of concern for continued NAPL
V-40
migration. In these areas, ISS was added as an additional remedy component in the
FS. Additional investigations related to NAPL mobility along select transects were
performed following the FS and will form the basis for confirmatory design
investigations.
Quantifying Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Discharges
Comment #47: The PRP Group asserts that NAPL discharge into the canal has not
been quantified.
Response #47: Design parameters, such as the NAPL mass transport rate, will be
difficult to obtain and will vary substantially throughout the canal. NAPL flowing beneath
the canal exists as a separate phase from the groundwater. The rate of NAPL
movement is based on the same principles as groundwater flow, namely, the rate is
dependent on the applied gradient and conductivity of the media. However, the NAPL
flows as a separate phase along preferential pathways. In addition, the effective rate of
NAPL flow in the upland soils and in the canal sediments varies with the degree of
NAPL saturation in the pore spaces. Identifying the geometry of the NAPL flow paths
and knowing the NAPL content in the pore space is difficult, if not impossible, to
estimate over the entire canal. Certain conservative design assumptions will need to be
made for the various areas within the canal based on specific data collected within
these particular areas. These design assumptions will be continually refined as the
CSM evolves through additional data collection.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Mobility Investigations
Comment #48: NYCDEP inquired as to the specific investigations that EPA will perform
and the data that will be collected and evaluated to verify NAPL/coal tar mobility at
specific locations.
Response #48: The EPA has already conducted NAPL mobility investigations along
three transects in the canal. Two of them were in RTA 2, by the Public Place and
Metropolitan former MGP facilities and one was in RTA 3 (south of NYC’s transfer
station, where the canal becomes wider and deeper). Access to two transects in RTA 1
was not possible because the draw bridges in the upper reach of the canal became
inoperable following Superstorm Sandy.
Locations for these investigations were selected so as to sample a range of NAPL
impacts that had been documented in the RI. Samples were collected and analyzed for
pore fluid saturation (the percent of the pore volume occupied by NAPL), general
chemistry and NAPL mobility. For the NAPL mobility tests, samples of undisturbed
sediment (with the pore fluids retained) were tested with equipment that can simulate
the groundwater discharge to the canal and qualitatively measure the NAPL discharge.
These tests were performed to determine the range of NAPL impacts and
hydrogeological conditions that will allow continued NAPL transport to the canal.
V-41
The tests have shown that NAPL can move upward from native sediment at the
groundwater discharge rates predicted for the canal in higher impact areas. Figure 5,
below presents a photograph of a native soil core segment held in a device that allows
water to be pushed upward through the core and the resulting NAPL migration at the
start and end of the test.
Photo Log (left to right)
1. Native soil core in test
device
2. Soil core prior to
water injection
3. Top view of mobile
NAPL emerging from
soil core
4. Top view after
completion of water
injection
Figure 5: Native soil core segment is held in device that allows water to be pushed upward
through the core resulting in NAPL migration (dark brown material in the photo) at start and end
of test.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Deeper than Six Feet in Native Sediment
Comment #49: NYCDEP inquired as to what investigation criteria will be utilized to
determine the lateral and vertical dimensions of NAPL/coal tar in native deposits deeper
than six feet beneath the soft sediments.
Response #49: Native sediment NAPL at depths greater than five feet beneath the
native-soft interface were not investigated during the RI because this NAPL was
considered to be unlikely to migrate to the canal surface or it could be controlled by
actions taken in shallower native sediment. For deeper NAPL to be upwardly mobile, it
V-42
would need to have a migration pathway through the shallower native sediments. The
migration pathways for the deeper NAPL can be effectively mitigated by remedial
actions within the upper few feet of native sediment. The FS assumed that ISS would
occur in the upper 5 feet of native sediment, but the actual depth of ISS required will be
optimized during the design phase. Blocking these pathways with the ISS is considered
an effective technology to prevent deeper NAPL from rising to the sediment surface.
Removal of Native Sediment
Comment #50: Community Board Six noted that the remedy does not include the
removal of the native sediment which is impacted by NAPL.
Response #50: In general, removal of native sediment to deeper depths presents
significant engineering structural challenges to the bulkheads and other structures along
the canal. Additionally, boring logs from the RI and other studies have shown significant
NAPL contamination at depths over 50 feet beneath the current bed of the canal, which
is well outside the range for feasible removal. As noted above, by limiting the potential
migration pathways through the stabilization of the shallower native sediments, the
NAPL contamination at depth can be effectively immobilized and prevented from
entering the canal.
Controlling Upland Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Sources
Comment #51: Community Board Six inquired as to how the upland sites that are
discharging NAPL would be controlled. The Board noted that NAPL discharges may not
be controlled from the former MGP facilities since remedial plan commitments do not
exist for two of the three former MGP facilities. The Board also noted that the majority
of the NAPL constituents are LNAPL, and it was found to be in greatest concentration in
the native sediment in RTA 2 and LNAPL has a tendency to rise to the height of the
water table over time.
Response #51: The former MGP facilities are being characterized and addressed under
the State Superfund and Brownfield Cleanup programs by National Grid, a PRP for
these facilities, as well as for the canal. The EPA believes that the upland remedial
actions implemented by National Grid will be sufficient to prevent continued NAPL
discharge to the canal from the NAPL sources identified in the former MGP facilities.
For the Fulton former MGP facility, near the head of the canal, and the Public Place
former MGP facility, at the middle of the canal, these measures include a cut-off barrier
wall and NAPL collection system to prevent NAPL migration into the canal.
Furthermore, at the Public Place former MGP facility, for which a remedy has been
selected, excavation of tar source areas to a depth sufficient to prevent further releases
to the canal is also part of the remedy. Source area excavation at the former Fulton
MGP facility is also likely.
An investigation and partial source control cleanup was implemented at the Metropolitan
former MGP facility, the third and most southerly former MGP facility. Since there are
potential source areas at this former MGP facility that were not addressed by the actions
taken to date, an RI is currently underway. Potential remedies for the Metropolitan
V-43
former MGP facility include the same components that will be implemented at the other
two former MGP facilities: construction of a cutoff wall between the former MGP facility
and the canal, removal of remaining major mobile coal tar sources and recovery of coal
tar product collected in the approach to the cut-off wall. These control measures are
expected to address releases from the three former MGP facilities. In the unlikely event
that a timely and effective state-selected remedy is not implemented at a given former
MGP facility, the EPA may implement actions pursuant to CERCLA to ensure the
protectiveness of the selected canal remedy.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Discharges by Removing Soft Sediment
Comment #52: National Grid noted that the removal of soft sediment will expose native
sediment which has relatively higher NAPL impacts and, thus, will increase NAPL
mobility.
Response #52: NAPL can be mobilized upward through native sediment when the
NAPL content is sufficiently high such that it can form an interconnected phase in the
pore space. It can also mobilize upward when the groundwater upwelling velocity into
the canal is sufficient to overcome the relatively high density of the NAPL compared to
the groundwater. Testing has shown that NAPL in the canal can be mobilized upward,
but only in areas of severe NAPL impacts and in areas where the groundwater
upwelling velocities are high.
In certain areas of the canal, the removal of soft sediment will expose native sediment
with high NAPL impacts. However, areas of mobile NAPL in the native sediment will be
targeted for ISS which will result in preventing NAPL discharges to the canal bottom
from these areas. The EPA has completed bench-scale testing on the application of
ISS to control NAPL migration, which has demonstrated the effectiveness of this
technology.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Discharges Overwhelming Active Cap
Comment #53: NYCDEP opines that NAPL discharges from the canal bottom will
overwhelm the active cap.
Response #53: The active cap configuration utilized in the development of alternatives
in the FS included an oleophilic clay cap with isolation and armoring layers above the
oleophilic layer. This was selected as a representative cap configuration in accordance
with Section 4. 2. 5 of the EPA Guidance for Conducting Remedial Investigations and
Feasibility Studies under CERCLA (EPA 1988) as noted in Figure 6.
V-44
Figure 6: Section 4.2.5 of the EPA Guidance for Conducting Remedial Investigations and
Feasibility Studies under CERCLA
A generalized cap design was specified in the FS report for the purpose of evaluating
remedial alternatives. However, the specific design elements and precise location of
the active cap will be refined during the remedial design.
Integration of ISS with the active cap will prevent NAPL from overwhelming the
oleophilic clay’s NAPL absorption capacity. When applying ISS in the native sediment,
adsorbents or other reagents are mixed into the sediment and contribute more
adsorptive capacity to the overall cap configuration in comparison to a cap where the
adsorption materials are provided only as a cover/cap on top of the sediment.
Dispersing or mixing the reagents in the native sediment in such a manner to meet
specific performance criteria may be more beneficial and cost effective than utilizing a
single top adsorptive cap layer. In areas with suspected NAPL migration, a combination
of these two approaches will increase remedy effectiveness. Oleophilic clay caps can
absorb significant amounts of dissolved phase organic contaminants from the
groundwater diverted around the ISS zones. Other active cap designs (e.g., the use of
absorbent mats) will be evaluated in other areas of the canal where the potential for
NAPL migration is low.
Sediment Processing
Comment #54: A commenter noted that the sediments dredged from the upper and
middle reaches of the canal are to be subjected to "off-Site" treatment and disposal.
The commenter sought confirmation that the off-Site treatment and disposal facilities
are not the proposed Red Hook dewatering and treatment facility.
Response #54: Treatment and disposal of all of the dredged sediments from the canal,
including upper, middle and lower reaches, will not occur in Red Hook or at any other
location near the project area. Instead, such treatment and disposal will occur at a
licensed, permanent off-Site facility.
As indicated in Response 25, staging areas may be needed for one or more operations,
including de-watering, water treatment, construction material storage and sediment
V-45
transfer. The location of one or more potential areas for such operations will be
determined during the remedial design. The EPA will conduct outreach with the
community regarding the project design and implementation, including staging areas
and associated monitoring and control measures to be implemented at the staging
areas.
Comment #55: A commenter asked how the dredged sediments would be processed.
Several commenters suggested that the sediments be dewatered on barges, rather than
on the banks of the canal. Another commenter asked that the dewatering process be
described. A third commenter suggested that consideration be given to dewatering the
sediments on the water away from residential areas, such as in the south end of Atlantic
Basin or near Industry City. A commenter asked where the on-Site dewatering of the
dredged sediments will take place. A commenter suggested that the burden of
dewatering be equally borne by all of the communities along the canal.
Response #55: To the extent practicable, dewatering may take place on barges. The
dredged sediments would be loaded onto special barges which will allow the solids to
settle to the bottom of the barge. The overlying water would then be pumped into
holding tanks located at a temporary on-Site staging area (as noted, the location of the
staging area will be selected during the remedial design), treated to remove
contaminants in an on-Site temporary water treatment system and discharged back to
the canal. The dewatered sediment will then be transported by barge to an off-Site
treatment facility for stabilization.
Considering the narrow width of the canal, its active maritime use by a number of local
companies and the need to use dredges and barges for, the dredging, capping and
sediment dewatering will present a number of logistical complexities and challenges.
These challenges will need to be worked out during the remedial design. Appropriate
control measures will be used to monitor and reduce/address project impacts such as
noise and odor.
The EPA acknowledges the desire of the community to minimize and distribute the
burdens associated with comprehensively addressing the long-standing canal
contamination currently impacting the various neighborhoods. As a practical matter,
temporary project impacts related to the dredging, CSO controls, remediation of the
three former MGPs and other project-related work will occur throughout the length of the
canal.
Comment #56: A commenter asked where the dredged sediments would be stabilized.
Response #56: The stabilization of the sediments will be performed off-Site.
Comment #57: Two commenters asked where the off-Site stabilization and beneficial
use will take place.
V-46
Response #57: The facility that will perform the off-Site stabilization and the location of
the off-Site beneficial reuse will be determined during the remedial design. Typically,
after the EPA has approved the remedial design, the parties carrying out the cleanup
solicit bids from EPA-approved disposal facilities.
Comment #58: A commenter asked how dry dewatering would make the sediments.
Response #58: Maximizing the removal of water from the sediments will reduce the
total sediment volume and mass, thereby reducing the cost of transportation and
disposal. On the other hand, more aggressive removal of water from the sediments will
increase the cost of handling and treating the sediments. To find a cost-effective
approach, the extent of the sediment dewatering that will be performed will be
determined during the remedial design.
Comment #59: A commenter expressed concern that an on-Site waste treatment facility
would pose a threat to the residents of Red Hook.
Response #59: The intent of performing remedies at Superfund facilities is to protect
public health and the environment. The EPA is required to implement Superfund
remedies in a manner which is also protective of public health and the environment in
the short term. In general, hazardous substances in contaminated sediment present
long-term human health risks, rather than acute risks from short-term exposure. As a
result, removing contaminated sediment from an uncontrolled environment to a carefully
engineered and controlled manner reduces exposure.
As was noted previously, a CDF will not be part of the selected remedy. A temporary
facility may potentially be required for de-watering and/or water treatment. The need for
and the nature of any such on-Site facilities will be determined during the remedial
design process.
If such a facility is needed, recognizing that the sediments in the canal are contaminated
with a number of volatile organic compounds, the treatment facility would be designed
to handle the sediments in a controlled manner that protects the remediation workers
who are in regular proximity to the material and the public from air emissions or other
releases. The specific measures to control the air emissions during the processing of
the sediments will be developed during the design of the remedy. In addition, air
monitoring equipment will be placed at various locations in the vicinity of the processing
areas to ensure that the air emission and odor controls are effective. The EPA will
conduct ongoing outreach with the community regarding the project design and
implementation, including monitoring and control measures.
Sediment Treatment/Disposal
Comment #60: Two commenters asked for clarification regarding the disposition of the
sediments dredged from the lower portion of the canal as compared to the middle and
upper portions of the canal.
V-47
Response #60: Three former MGPs are located in the middle and upper reaches of the
canal. As a result, the sediments located in the middle and upper reaches of the canal
are much more contaminated than the sediments in the lower reach of the canal. The
sediments from the middle and upper reaches will, therefore, require treatment and
disposal at off-Site facilities. The sediments from the lower reach of the canal were
determined to be more suitable for treatment via stabilization and either reuse off-Site or
placement in an on-Site CDF. As noted above, an on-Site CDF will not be utilized, so
the sediments from the lower portion of the canal will also be sent to an off-Site facility.
Comment #61: A commenter expressed the belief that any disposal or treatment options
which include on- or off-Site beneficial use should be eliminated from consideration,
since these options would require close monitoring for many years to make sure that the
materials do not escape into the environment. Another commenter expressed concern
about the long-term stability of the stabilized sediment if used as daily cover in a landfill.
Response #61: The most practical potential off-Site beneficial use option for the
stabilized sediment would be use as daily cover in a sanitary landfill. Further
evaluations would be required to confirm the amounts and types of stabilizing agents
that would need to be added to the sediment to result in the desired physical and
chemical properties. Tests to assess the leachability of contaminants, as well as the
material strength, would need to be performed on the stabilized material in order to
determine whether it would meet the beneficial use requirements.
Monitoring would be performed at the landfill regardless of whether stabilized sediments
are used as daily cover.
Comment #62: Three commenters expressed concern that the off-Site transport of
approximately six hundred thousand cubic yards of dredged sediments would require
twenty thousand truckloads, assuming that trucks with a capacity of thirty cubic yards
are used. Since the remediation would be taking place on the waterfront, several
commenters suggested that barges be used for transport.
Response #62: The remedy calls for the utilization of barges for the transport of
dredged sediment. Barges will also be used, to the extent possible, to limit traffic
impacts related to the delivery of equipment and supplies and the transport of materials
to the work area.
Comment #63: A commenter expressed concern that the Proposed Plan does not
provide an example of an incinerator similar to the one proposed for the Site nor does it
provide an example where incinerated waste mixed with cement was safely used as fill.
Response #63: The remedy includes off-Site thermal treatment of the NAPL-impacted
sediments dredged from the upper and mid-reaches of the canal, not on-Site
incineration. The treated sediment will be transported for beneficial use, such as daily
cover at a landfill, at an off-Site location.
V-48
Comment #64: A commenter expressed concern that thermal desorption is not suitable
for heavy metals. The commenter also expressed concern that a study of possible air
pollution was not performed since some of the metals would vaporize during thermal
treatment.
Response #64: The NAPL-contaminated sediments located in the upper and mid-
reaches of the canal constitute source materials that act as a reservoir for the migration
of contamination. These materials are highly toxic and mobile. For this reason, the
remedy calls for the NAPL-impacted sediments to be treated off-Site with thermal
desorption, followed by beneficial reuse off-Site (e.g., landfill daily cover). Emissions
resulting from thermal treatment process would be collected and treated. Tests to
assess the leachability of contaminants, including metals, would need to be performed
on the stabilized material in order to determine whether it would meet the beneficial use
requirements.
Sediment Remediation
Comment #65: A commenter suggested that consideration be given to using Opflex®
products to address the contaminants attributable to the CSOs and discharges from the
former MGP facilities.
Response #65: Opflex® products are used to absorb oil and chemical spills on the
water surface. While this product is suitable for accidental spills and may be
appropriate to prevent the migration of contaminants during dredging, it does not appear
to be suitable for CSOs and ongoing releases from the former MGP facilities because of
the volume of contaminants that are being released. In addition, the placement of the
product and its retrieval would be extremely labor intensive.
Comment #66: Given the possibility of an accidental spill, breakdown or storm damage,
a commenter suggested that all dredged materials be treated off-Site.
Response #66: As was noted in a previous response, the implementation of remedies at
Superfund sites must be undertaken in a manner which is also protective of public
health and the environment. To prevent the migration of contaminants should a spill or
breakdown occur, designs typically include berms or other containment measures. In
addition, the treatment system can be secured in the event of an impending storm to
prevent releases. The EPA will take into account lessons learned from Superstorm
Sandy in siting and designing any materials handling operations. It should be noted
that, due to the configuration of the canal and the logistical complexities of working at
and around the canal, it is anticipated that the amount of dredged material being
handled at any given time will be relatively limited.
V-49
Restoration of Turning Basins
Comment #67: Several commenters suggested that the 5th Street basin, an extension of
the 4th Street basin that was filled in between 1953 and 1965, be included in the clean
up. One commenter stated that although the Proposed Plan expressed concern that
excavating the 5th Street turning basin could potentially damage structures near it, but
that protecting the structures during the remediation would not be insurmountable.
Response #67: Analytical data obtained during the RI in the former 1st Street turning
basin showed the existence of significant contamination in the fill and the underlying
groundwater. As with other former turning basins along the canal, it is believed that
contaminated sediments within the 1st Street turning basin were left in place when the
basin was filled in. In addition, there are indications that the fill itself may have included
waste materials. The filled-in turning basin may also have been subject to later spills
and dumping. The basin is hydraulically connected to the canal (with no bulkhead
standing between the canal and the basin) such that contaminants within the basin are
an ongoing source of contamination. The Proposed Plan did not include the excavation
of the 5th Street turning basin since the levels of contamination in the fill and
groundwater associated with this turning basin were significantly less than the levels of
contamination in the fill and groundwater associated with the 1st Street turning basin. In
addition, there was concern about the impact that excavating the turning basin would
have on the structural integrity of buildings on or in proximity to the 5th Street turning
basin. In addition, the 5th Street turning basin is private property, while the 1st Street
turning basin is owned by NYC.
Based upon suggestions made during the public comment period, the remedy now
includes the excavation and restoration of the portion of the 4th Street turning basin
underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and the installation of a barrier or interception system
on the 5th Street turning basin side of the bridge. This parcel is a small part of an area
that was previously referred by the EPA to NYSDEC for investigation as an additional
upland source area. The referral identified the property based on its owner, U-haul,
rather than as the former 5th Street turning basin.
Canal Bottom Capping
Comment #68: A commenter asked if capping the sediments would raise the bottom of
the canal, causing flooding.
Response #68: All of areas that would be capped would be dredged to depths ranging
from, at minimum, the thickness of the cap to 20 feet or more. As a result, no portion of
the cap would be higher than the bottom of the canal as it currently exists. It should be
noted that the water level in the canal is influenced by the tide and the water level in the
Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay, not the distance between the water surface
and the bottom of the canal. Thus, even reducing the water depth by capping would not
affect the surface water level under normal conditions. However, as a general matter, it
V-50
is anticipated that the depth of the canal will be increased in some areas. Under
abnormal tides or surge conditions, this would result in a nominally increased flood
capacity in the canal.
Comment #69: Two commenters expressed concern that the armor layer may be
affected by future storms. One of the commenters also suggested that estimates be
made as to how the dredging and capping will affect the canal’s water depth, particularly
during flooding events.
Response #69: The caps that will be installed in the canal following dredging will be
subjected to a number of physical stresses, including tidal currents, wind wave-
generated currents, ice and debris scour and propeller wash. The armor layer would
consist of stone of sufficient size so as to prevent damage to the underlying layers.
Altering the bathymetry of the canal by dredging and capping will not affect the canal’s
water holding capacity or minimize flooding under normal conditions. Unless dikes are
installed along the canal to protect against increases in the effective sea level or against
storm surges, as long as the areas surrounding the canal are within storm surge levels
or below future increases in sea level, they will flood. As noted above, the anticipated
increases in canal depth as a result of dredging will nominally increase the canal’s
holding capacity.
Canal Bottom Cap Maintenance
Comment #70: Since the cap that is placed over the dredged areas in the canal would
be exposed continuously to salt water and would be subjected to tidal water movement
and stormwater flow, a commenter inquired as to how the EPA will insure that the cap
will remain effective.
Response #70: Caps are commonly used in salt and fresh water bodies to contain
contaminated sediments. The details of the cap construction will be determined during
the remedial design. The conceptual design for the cap for the Gowanus Canal
consists of an armor layer, an isolation layer and an active treatment layer from top to
bottom. The armor layer, which will prevent erosion of the underlying layers from future
maintenance dredging, boat traffic and water currents, will consist of 1.5 feet of stone
with a median diameter of 0.75 feet. Sufficient sand will be placed on top of the armor
layer to fill in the voids between the stones and to establish sufficient depth of sediment
for a habitat layer in order to facilitate benthic recolonization. The isolation layer will
consist of 0.5 feet of gravel and 0.5 feet of sand to provide protection of the treatment
layer from the overlying heavy armor layer. The active treatment layer, as conceptually
configured, will consist of 1-1.5-foot of a specific type of clay that will absorb
contamination that could well up from below.
Continuous exposure of the cap to salt water will have minimal impact on the cap.
V-51
Comment #71: A commenter asked if it would be necessary to remove the overlying
sand and armor layers if the oleophilic clay needs to be replaced.
Response #71: If possible, the oleophilic treatment layer will be designed to have a
sufficient life expectancy for absorbing contaminants without replacement. If this is not
feasible, it may be possible to design targeted areas in the cap intended to facilitate
replacement of the oleophilic treatment layer. If these options are determined to be
unavailable during the design, the replacement of portions of the treatment layer may
necessitate the removal and replacement of the overlying sand and armor layers.
Information on Commercial Availability of Sites to Treat Contaminated Sediment
Comment #72: NYCDEP noted that no information is provided on the commercial
availability of facilities to treat the contaminated sediment. The availability of beneficial
use sites is unknown. It is unlikely that the material would be accepted at a landfill for
use as daily cover without being assessed a tipping fee.
Response #72: The identification of commercial facilities to treat the contaminated
sediment and beneficial use sites will be determined during the remedial design. The
costs associated with the treatment and beneficial use will be determined during the
remedial design.
Stabilization of Dredged Sediments
Comment #73: A commenter asked for details related to the stabilization process.
Response #73: Stabilization mixes materials, such as cement, into the sediment to
permanently bind the contaminants physically/chemically. Treatability studies would
need to be performed to determine the best stabilization agent and other factors so as
to ensure that contaminants are fully bound into the resulting material. Any stabilization
conducted pursuant to the remedy will be performed off-Site.
Comment #74: A commenter expressed concern about the safety of an on-Site
stabilization facility.
Response #74: At Superfund sites, treatment facilities are designed to comply with all
safety and air emission standards to protect the workers and local residents. Air
monitoring is conducted at the facility and along its perimeter. In the unlikely event that
unacceptable levels of contaminants are detected, processing operations are
terminated and measures are taken to promptly address such releases.
However, as was noted previously, any stabilization conducted pursuant to the remedy
will be performed off-Site.
V-52
Comment #75: Several commenters expressed concern that if stabilization of the
dredged sediments is performed in the vicinity of the canal, untreated contaminated
sediments would need to be stored there, thereby allowing the potential to mobilize toxic
substances during a storm event.
Response #75: Stabilization will be done off-Site. With respect to other storm event
impacts, if a large storm is forecasted, all of the operations, including any materials
staging areas, would be secured to prevent releases. As noted above, it is anticipated
that the amount of dredged material being handled at any given time will be relatively
limited. This in turn limits the amount of materials that must be secured during a storm
event.
Use of Local Concrete Mixing Facilities
Comment #76: Community Board Six inquired as to how the EPA will evaluate local
concrete mixing facilities relative to stabilization. The Board also inquired as to whether
the Brooklyn Community Board Six Responsible Development Policy will be applied to
the stabilization services component of the project.
Response #76: Vendors will be selected during the contracting process which will be
conducted by the PRPs under the EPA’s oversight. At a minimum, mixing facilities,
regardless of location, would need to demonstrate the ability to perform the mixing to
the selected performance specifications and to be able to handle the amount of material
generated without causing project delays. As a general matter, the EPA supports the
use of qualified local vendors. Strict standards will apply with respect to appropriate
health and safety training measures.
The EPA has reviewed the Brooklyn Community Board Six Responsible Development
Policy. While the EPA is not required to comply with local advisory policies, the EPA
considers, to the extent possible, other project standards, such as sustainability.
Consistent with the policy, the EPA supports the use of qualified local vendors where
possible.
Comment #77: A commenter asked whether a local source of concrete would be used
for stabilization.
Response #77: Since dredged sediment stabilization will be done off-Site, it is unlikely
that a local source of cement will be utilized.
Understanding Potential Impacts in Remediation Target Area
Comment #78: NYCDEP asserts that the Proposed Plan shows a lack of understanding
of the potential impacts from ISS and the parameters of applicability to the entire
remediation target area.
Response #78: In the FS, the EPA estimated the remedial target area for ISS based on
the visual impacts of samples collected near the soft-native sediment interface. NAPL-
V-53
saturated conditions on both sides of the interface were used as an indication of high
NAPL migration potential and were selected for ISS.
The EPA has performed additional studies to determine the canal conditions (i.e., NAPL
saturation and groundwater discharge rates) that will allow continued upward NAPL
discharge. The EPA has tested two locations in the ISS target area identified in the FS
and only one (adjacent to Public Place, the former Citizens Gas Works MGP facility)
had mobile NAPL. The other, near the Metropolitan former MPG State Superfund site,
exhibited lower NAPL impacts in native sediment which would likely not warrant
stabilization. This suggests that the areas of native sediment stabilization may be
discontinuous. Analyzing the impacts to the entire target area is not justified at this time
since the precise ISS target area(s) will be identified during the remedial design based
on the results of confirmatory design sampling.
In-Situ Stabilization Benefits
Comment #79: NYCDEP and the PRP Group opine that the use of ISS is based on
unproven assumptions about its potential benefits.
Response #79: ISS has well established benefits that are directly applicable to the
Gowanus Canal. These benefits are listed in a recent Interstate Technology &
Regulatory Council (ITRC) guidance document, Development of Performance
Specifications for Solidification/Stabilization (ITRC, July 2011). The EPA was part of the
development team.
ISS as presented in the FS report uses a combination of solidification and stabilization
agents to gain the benefits of both solidification and stabilization mechanisms into the
remedial technology.
ISS is being utilized in combination with dredging and multi-layer capping. The use of
several remedial components is expected to provide an increased degree of reliability in
addressing the impacted media at the Site. As a result, even if some portion of the
NAPL is not fully addressed by ISS, the active and passive cap components will provide
protective redundancy.
Need for Bench and Field Testing for Site-Specific Conditions
Comment #80: NYCDEP asserts that ISS has not been bench or field tested under
conditions likely to exist in the canal.
Response #80: The EPA has performed bench-scale testing of ISS on native sediment
from the canal. It is also anticipated that pilot-scale testing of ISS will be performed in
the canal during the remedial design. There are three main considerations for ISS
application in the Gowanus Canal that were evaluated as part of the bench scale testing
and will also be evaluated during the pilot testing : 1) the development of successful
mix designs; 2) field implementation under the canal conditions; and 3) integration with
V-54
an overlying reactive capping system. These considerations are further discussed
below.
 The development of mix designs to successfully immobilize former MGP residuals is
relatively straightforward (EPRI, 2009a, b). The EPA performed bench-scale testing
to evaluate mix designs for native sediment. National Grid has also tested the
application of ISS on native and a mixture of soft and native sediments.
 ISS implementation at the Gowanus Canal, where both landside and barge -
mounted ISS equipment may be required, will be informed by experience in previous
projects, such as the Columbus Georgia Superfund site (EPRI 2003; Antemir et al.,
2010) and others summarized by the EPA (EPA, 2000), and construction/installation
will be evaluated as part of the planned pilot study.
 ISS-treated media are known to be much less hydraulically conductive than the
sandy/silty media underlying the Gowanus Canal, typically achieving hydraulic
conductivity values of less than 10-6 cm/s. Therefore, implementation of ISS could
lead to significant reductions in contaminant mass fluxes into the canal and the
immobilization of NAPL. The presence of monolithic masses may lead to flow
bypassing of groundwater impacted by NAPL, which means that the ISS-treated
masses must be properly integrated with an overlying reactive capping system to
capture any groundwater flow bypass and strip it of its contaminants before it is
ultimately released into the canal. Construction/installation will be evaluated as part
of the pilot testing.
Comment #81: NYCDEP asserts that ISS treatability testing should be performed prior
to remedy selection.
Response #81: The EPA agrees that the treatability testing is important. This testing
however, will be part of the design and is not a prerequisite for remedy selection.
Section 5. 1. 2 of the EPA Guidance for Conducting Remedial Investigations and
Feasibility Studies under CERCLA (EPA, 1988) presents the following guidance on
when treatability testing should be conducted:
A decision to conduct treatability testing may be made during project scoping if
information indicates such testing is desirable. However, the decision to conduct
these activities must be made by weighing the cost and time required to
complete the investigation against the potential value of the information in
resolving uncertainties with selection of a remedial action. . . . Project managers
will need to make such decisions on a case by case basis. In some situations,
treatability investigations may be postponed until the remedial design phase.
The EPA has conducted bench-scale testing of native sediment stabilization (EPA,
2013). This testing showed that ISS can be effective in increasing the strength and
reducing the permeability of the stabilized sediments. The bench-scale testing also
showed that NAPL migration could be controlled through the application of ISS.
ISS was field tested in 2005 under a program funded by the New Jersey Department of
Transportation and administered by Rutgers University (Maher, 2005). This study
demonstrated that sediments could be effectively stabilized in-situ.
V-55
Criteria for In-Situ Stabilization Performance
Comment #82: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA has not established any criteria for
acceptable performance of the ISS or means for evaluating lab and pilot scale testing
results.
Response #82: The FS report presents the following RAOs for NAPL-impacted
sediments:
 Prevent direct human or ecological contact with NAPL-impacted sediments
 Prevent migration of NAPL from the sediment into the overlying water column
 Prevent NAPL from providing a source to groundwater discharging to the canal from
adversely affecting sediment or surface water quality
In August 2012, the EPA issued a Quality Assurance Project Plan, Addendum 1, Pre-
Design Data Collection, Bulk Sample Collection and Stabilization Bench Scale Testing.
This plan presented the following criteria for ISS performance:
A minimum strength criterion of 20 psi unconfined compression strength is used
in this work plan. This criterion was primarily based on the required integrity of
molded samples to be subjected to leachability testing (e.g., the EPA LEAF
Premethod 1315 testing).
Targets for final leaching concentrations will be based on the Final Chronic
Values presented in the FS and presented in the tabulation [in Table 1]. The
SVOCs selected for leaching concentrations are based on the composition of
NAPL from the former MGP facilities.
Table 1: Final Chronic Values
Description Final Chronic Values for PAHs
Milligrams per Liter
Chemical
Napthalene 0. 1935
Acenapthene 0. 3069
Fluorene 0. 0393
Phenanthrene 0. 0191
Pyrene 0. 01011
Justification of and Alternatives to In-Situ Stabilization
Comment #83: NYCDEP asserts that the need for the ISS layer was not evaluated in a
meaningful manner in the FS report, nor were alternatives to ISS considered. To justify
the inclusion of ISS in the recommended remedy, additional evaluation and testing is
required. The lack of specific information on the technical feasibility and
V-56
implementability of the ISS process makes its inclusion in the recommended remedy
questionable.
Response #83: ISS was included in the Proposed Plan to address the RAO to “prevent
migration of NAPL from the sediment into the overlying water column.” Stabilization is a
well-established technology for NAPL-impacted media associated with former MGP
facilities that has recently been expanded to include application in sediment. The target
area identified in the Proposed Plan for ISS application includes the areas most likely to
have continued NAPL migration from the native sediment based on visual impacts as
presented in the RI report.
No other in-situ technologies were included in the remedial alternatives developed in the
FS because no other in-situ technologies were considered applicable based on the
results of the technology screening. The technologies of enhanced biological
oxidation/reduction, vitrification, chemical oxidation/destruction and absorption were not
retained for the various technical reasons described in the FS report.
Migration of Sediments During Remediation
Comment #84: A commenter expressed concern that since there have been three 100-
year storms in the area in the past 10 years, it is likely that such a storm will occur
during the remediation effort, potentially mobilizing contaminants. Several commenters
inquired as to what will be done to prevent the migration of contaminated sediments to
land areas near the canal if, during the remediation of the canal, a storm event leads to
flooding.
Response #84: Steps will be taken to ensure that any resuspension of contaminated
sediment during the dredging is kept to a minimum. The EPA acknowledges the
concern related to damage and contamination dispersion resulting from potential storm
surges during the remedy construction. During remedial actions in coastal areas, it is
common practice to monitor weather conditions. If storms with the potential for
significant flooding or powerful storm surges are forecasted, work areas and treatment
facilities are secured in advance of the storm. The process can include, but not be
limited to, temporarily suspending removal operations in order to clear out any
stockpiles to their final disposal destination to prevent the possibility of spreading
dredged and stockpiled sediment into the area adjacent to the treatment facility.
Although project logistics and sequencing will be determined during the remedial
design, it is anticipated that dredging operations will be conducted in a series of discrete
areas at any one time, resulting in a limited area of operation, which will need to be
secured during a storm event.
It should be noted that while the EPA’s risk assessment performed during the RI
assumed a worst-case situation whereby material from the bottom of the canal is
transported via flood waters, it does not appear that that happened to any significant
extent as a result of Superstorm Sandy in October 2012.
V-57
Comment #85: A commenter asked whether details related to storm preparations would
be presented to the public.
Response #85: Specific details related to the implementation of the remedy will be
developed during the remedial design. It is anticipated that the design will take three
years to complete. During that time, it is the EPA’s intention to continue the ongoing
dialogue with the community since the Superfund process commenced three years ago.
These discussions will give the EPA the opportunity to discuss the progress of the
design and describe specific components of the remedy and consider public feedback.
Confined Disposal Facility
Comment #86: A commenter asked for details related to the configuration of the CDF
that was proposed for Red Hook. Two commenters asked whether the CDF would be
constructed in conformance with the new Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) standards which require the “ground level” to be 12 feet above the mean high
tide. Another commenter asked whether the CDF would be designed to withstand a
hurricane and whether it would be in compliance with NYC Department of Buildings’
codes.
Response #86: Although a CDF will not be constructed, to be responsive to the inquiry,
details related to the CDF’s construction will be provided.
It was assumed that the CDF would accommodate the entire volume of sediment
removed from the lower canal (estimated at 281,000 cubic yards) and an expansion
factor of 1.15 (stabilization increases the volume), resulting in a CDF capacity of
approximately 323,000 cubic yards. Constructing a CDF with a stabilized sediment
thickness of 20 feet, would have required 10 acres. The CDF would have bordered
water on two sides and land on two sides. The layout would have included a single
sheet-pile wall on the sides adjacent to land and a double sheet-pile wall on the sides
adjacent to the water. The void in the double sheet-pile wall would have been filled with
bentonite-augmented soil or a similar low-permeability material. Sufficient stabilization
agents (e.g., Portland cement) would have been added to the dewatered sediment such
that a monolithic mass would have resulted. The material would have been transferred
into the CDF before it was completely hardened. Once the stabilized sediment had
hardened, leaching would be expected to be negligible, so a leachate collection system
would not have been necessary. Upon placement of the stabilized sediment into the
CDF, the top would have been capped. It is presumed that the top layer of the cap
would have been asphalt, allowing use of the surface. The CDF design would have
needed to ensure long-term effectiveness in a coastal marine environment and would
have needed to be approved by NYSDEC and other appropriate governmental
regulatory authorities.
V-58
Since the CDF would have been designed to securely contain the stabilized dredged
sediments within a waterway, the FEMA mean high tide requirements would not have
been relevant. The cap and sheet-piled sides would have protected the stabilized
mass from damage associated with flooding and hurricanes. Since the CDF is not a
building, NYC Department of Building codes would not have been relevant.
Comment #87: A commenter expressed concern about the potential to mobilize toxic
substances from the proposed CDF, since it would be constructed in a flood zone.
.
Response #87: As was described in the previous response, stabilizing the sediments
and containing them in a CDF would have prevented the contents from releases.
Comment #88: A commenter asked for examples of where CDFs have been utilized.
Response #88: Confined disposal is a commonly used management approach for
contaminated sediments. According to the Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), 45 CDF
facilities have been constructed to store dredged sediment in the Great Lakes. CDFs
have been constructed for the EPA facilities at the Milwaukee Waterway, Tacoma, WA,
Waukegan Harbor, Inland Windmill Island, Holland, MI.
Comment #89: A commenter stated that if a CDF is constructed, it would require the
preparation of an environmental impact statement (EIS).
Response #89: The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 was enacted by
Congress to establish a framework for environmental review of actions carried out by
the federal government. The EPA mandates that all agencies of the federal government
prepare an EIS when they undertake or fund "major federal actions significantly
affecting the quality of the human environment.” Both Congress and the courts have
determined, however, that the EIS process is not applicable to the EPA actions under
CERCLA, since the statutes that the EPA administers include information gathering and
analytical requirements that are functionally equivalent to the EIS process.
Comment #90: A commenter expressed concern that due to the chance that the
stabilization could fail, stabilized sediments should not be stored in a CDF. The
commenter noted that the benefits of storing the stabilized sediments at Red Hook are
not worth the risk of human exposure. A commenter asked if the CDF is constructed,
how the EPA would guarantee the security and safety of his family.
Response #90: In the unlikely event that the entire stabilized sediment monolith or a
portion of it failed, since the monolith would have been capped and surrounded by
sheet-pile walls on the sides adjacent to land and a double sheet-pile wall filled with
bentonite-augmented soil or a similar low-permeability material on the sides adjacent to
the water, human exposure would have been unlikely.
V-59
Comment #91: A commenter asked how the EPA would protect the integrity the CDF
from intrusive activities.
Response #91: Institutional controls are non-engineered instruments, such as
administrative and legal controls, that help minimize the potential for human exposure to
contamination and/or protect the integrity of remedies. Institutional controls play an
important role in remedies because they reduce exposure to contamination by limiting
land or resource use and guide human behavior at a site. If a CDF had been
constructed, an institutional control, such as an environmental easement, would have
been used to protect the integrity of the CDF (i.e., prevent intrusive activities and restrict
the overlying land use).
Comment #92: A commenter noted that since institutional controls would be required
and since monitoring would be needed because of the potential for contaminants to
leach, the CDF should not be sited in Red Hook.
Response #92: As was noted above, it is unlikely that contaminants would have
leached from the monolith or the CDF. Periodic maintenance (primarily, the cap) would
have been performed to assure that the CDF continued to function effectively.
Monitoring would have been performed, primarily, to evaluate the integrity of the cap.
The institutional controls would have been put into place to assure that the CDF would
remain undisturbed.
Comment #93: Two commenters expressed concern that the proposed CDF does not
address the impact that the placement of fill contiguous to a flood zone will have on
future flood events.
Response #93: Creating a CDF in the existing slip would not have affected the canal’s
water holding capacity or increased the potential for flooding.
Comment #94: A commenter indicated that Environmental Justice (EJ) guidelines
should prevent the siting of a land-based dewatering facility and a CDF at the GBX
property. The property is adjacent to ball fields, a popular track, park areas and an
Olympic sized swimming pool all of which are frequently used by Red Hook residents
and residents of neighborhoods throughout Brooklyn.
Response #94: The operation of a land-based dewatering facility will not pose a health
risk to the users of the park and pool. Similarly, the construction of a CDF at the GBX
property, if this had been selected, would not have posed a health risk to the users of
the park and pool. Health and safety precautions are implemented to protect the health
of workers directly exposed to material being handled; this degree of controls and
monitoring is also designed to ensure the protectiveness of residential and recreational
users in adjacent areas.
V-60
Comment #95: A commenter suggested that the CDF might also be used in dealing with
the 1st Street turning basin spoils, as well.
Response #95: There would not have been sufficient capacity in the CDF to
accommodate sediments from the 1st Street turning basin, as suggested.
Comment #96: A commenter asked what the land overlying the CDF would be used for.
Response #96: The land overlying the CDF could have been used in any manner that is
consistent with the current industrial zoning of the surrounding property, as long as the
use did not entail intrusive activities into the CDF. In addition, there would have been
limitations on the types of structures that could be placed on top of the CDF and limits
on the types and size of plants, if any, which would have been allowed to grow on top of
the CDF.
Comment #97: A commenter asked whether the completed CDF could be made
available to the public for inspection.
Response #97: While the EPA could have arranged for the public to inspect the
completed CDF (it would be located on private property), there would not have been
much to observe, since the top layer of the cap would likely have been asphalt.
Comment #98: A commenter asked whether the EPA can use eminent domain to take
from the property owner the slip where the CDF is proposed and once the CDF is
created, build piers and then cede the ownership of the land to public housing residents
in Red Hook. The commenter opined that this way, the residents of Red Hook could
benefit from the profits stemming from the increased waterfront property, not just the
property owner.
Response #98: While the EPA has the authority to take the property necessary to
implement a remedy through eminent domain as long as the property owner receives
just compensation, the EPA does not have the authority to develop it and turn it over to
other private parties. The property owner proposed that the CDF would have allowed
the expansion of the GBX terminal, which would have increased the docking capacity.
The increased docking capacity would have benefited not only the property owner, but
local businesses that rely upon the terminal.
Comment #99: Several commenters suggested that it be required that a CDF only be
constructed if there is a community benefits agreement (CBA)17 that represents
equitable distribution of the benefits along with the community burdens of the cleanup.
For example, states one of the commenters, since close to 60% of the Red Hook
population lives in public housing and since the owner of GBX is only one person,
17 A community benefits agreement is a contract signed by community groups and a real estate
developer that requires the developer to provide specific amenities and/or mitigation to the local
community or neighborhood. In exchange, the community groups agree to publicly support the
project, or at least not oppose it.
V-61
delivering a result of the cleanup that only benefits the property owner, clearly, would
not represent equitable distribution of the benefits. The commenter notes that if the
EPA could gain public acceptance that the CDF would be safe, shared ownership of the
CDF and deep sea port with the community would facilitate the CDF being built (the
shoreline is a public good and using the EPA to change the shoreline is an end run
around public processes states the commenter). Also, states a commenter, local jobs
are not assured and creating jobs is not a compelling enough community benefit to
justify supporting the construction of a CDF. The commenter notes that community
members might not have proper qualifications and elderly or special needs populations
could not be considered. In addition, states the commenter, community job numbers
are usually lower than forecasted. While workforce development, through the
Superfund Job Training Initiative (JTI), should be an integral part of the Superfund
cleanup and jobs should be written into a CBA, the best way to share the proceeds of
any public good resulting from the EPA cleanup would be collective ownership and
dividend payments associated with the public good, suggests a commenter.
Response #99: The EPA cannot enter into a CBA, and it is not known if the PRPs that
perform the remediation would have been willing to enter into such an agreement on
their own.
The EPA has been a strong supporter of job training initiatives for people who find it
difficult to get into the work force because of inadequate education or personal
difficulties, such as a criminal record. The EPA anticipates supporting a job training
program at the Site, regardless of the absence of a CDF.
Comment #100: A commenter asked whether there would be continuing operation of
the CDF in Red Hook.
Response #100: Once the stabilized sediments from the canal were placed into a CDF,
it would have been capped and all of the treatment equipment would have been
dismantled. The only subsequent actions at the CDF would have been periodic
monitoring and maintenance.
Comment #101: A commenter asked how the bidding process for the construction of the
CDF would work if the location has not been identified.
Response #101: The location of the CDF would have been finalized during the design of
the remedy. Therefore, any requests-for-proposals related to the construction of the
CDF would have specified the location.
Comment #102: A commenter asked if the entity that would be constructing and
maintaining the CDF has any environmental violations on its record. Another
commenter suggested that on-Site stabilization and placement in on-Site CDF would
make sense if a very experienced, reputable, reliable contractor is used.
Response #102: While the owner of the property where the CDF was proposed to be
constructed may have some environmental violations, he would have had no role in
constructing or maintaining the CDF. Superfund cleanup work is typically conducted by
V-62
experienced, specialized remediation companies that adhere to the EPA’s high
standards, under EPA oversight. All of the construction work at the Site is expected to
be performed by the PRPs. The PRPs must provide documentation to EPA that each of
their contractors is qualified.
Comment #103: Several commenters expressed concern about the long-term integrity
of stabilized sediments placed in a CDF situated in a marine environment. Another
commenter expressed concern about the potential for releases from the CDF should the
cap be damaged through an earthquake or other event.
Response #103: Stabilization mixes materials, such as cement, into the sediment to
permanently bind the contaminants physically/chemically. Treatability studies would
have been needed to determine the best stabilization agent and other factors. The CDF
into which the stabilized sediments would have been placed would have been designed
to ensure long-term effectiveness in a marine environment. Maintenance of the CDF
cap would have been a component of the remedy. If the CDF’s cap were to become
damaged, it would have been repaired. Like other components of the remedy, the CDF
cap was considered for the purposes of redundancy.
Comment #104: A commenter expressed concern that the property owner would be
able to dump the spoils back into the canal without treatment.
Response #104: Since after stabilization, the sediments would have become a monolith
and would have been contained in a CDF, it would not have been possible for the spoils
to be dumped into the canal. Beyond providing the property, the property owner would
have had no involvement in the handling of the materials.
Comment #105: A commenter expressed concern that the filling in of privately owned
lands in the Gowanus Bay section of New York Harbor with contaminated material used
to create the CDF could leach from the CDF and further pollute the harbor.
Response #105: As was noted in a prior response, the stabilized sediments that would
have been placed into the CDF would not have leached and would have been contained
in the CDF, by design. The EPA would not have proposed or selected an option which
would have increased pollution to the harbor.
Comment #106: Several commenters asked about the health risk that the stabilized
sediments placed in the CDF would pose to nearby residents and children playing in the
nearby ball fields.
Response #106: Stabilized sediments would not have leached after treatment. In
addition, the CDF design would have provided multiple layers of additional protection.
Comment #107: Two commenters noted that for more than 20 years, noxious facilities,
such as waste transfer facilities, have been sited in Red Hook. One of the commenters
further stated that there is a serious lack of trust in the owner of and the lobbyist for the
GBX property. While a commenter recognizes that GBX has the right to build whatever
V-63
the zoning allows, the commenter does not want to give the company more land mass
by constructing a CDF to facilitate such construction. Another commenter stated that
the expanded utilization of the property as a result of the construction of a CDF would
undermine the value of the adjacent park and recreation areas. Another commenter
noted that while the pollution in the canal stretches through many neighborhoods, the
CDF would place an undue burden in perpetuity in Red Hook and will only benefit the
PRPs and the property owner. A commenter asked why the EPA would consider
placing a CDF in a flood zone. Another commenter asked how it is justified that the
property owner would get essentially free land. Several commenters noted that while
there would be substantial cost savings constructing a CDF, only the property owner
and his company would benefit from the CDF. Several commenters expressed concern
that while the CDF would reduce the cleanup expenses of the PRPs, it would not benefit
the community. Several commenters state that there was a paucity of outreach to the
general public with regard to the CDF option before it was proposed as an option during
a limited public comment period. Several commenters opined that the number of jobs
that would be created by this effort would not be significant to justify the construction of
the CDF. Several commenters noted that while leveraging the cleanup for local jobs is
a strong motivating factor, a significant majority of Red Hook residents are opposed to
the proposed CDF, believing that the creation of jobs should not be at the risk of
physical harm to humans.
Response #107: During studies done by USACE on behalf of NYC, consideration was
given to the placement of untreated sediment in the 4th Street turning basin. As part of
an associated navigation report, the owner of the GBX facility proposed to USACE that
a CDF be constructed in Red Hook.
The draft FS report, which identified a CDF option, was released to the public in
December 2011. The EPA’s conceptual CDF approach differed from the original
consideration in that the sediment would be treated through stabilization. A public
meeting to discuss the results of the FS was held on January 24, 2012. The concept of
a CDF was introduced at this public meeting. In addition, at the meeting, it was noted
that two locations were under consideration–the 4th Street basin or in Red Hook.
Discussions about the CDF were also conducted at a number of CAG meetings.
Following discussions with the property owner, the EPA identified a potential CDF
location on the GBX property. The CDF could be constructed within an existing slip
there or within other areas of the property.
While cost is one of the criteria that is assessed in evaluating remedial alternatives, the
EPA’s primary focus is on protecting public health and the environment. Although the
CDF would create “free land” for the property owner and would result in cost savings for
the PRPs, it would also provide a viable and safe means of disposing of the lesser
contaminated sediments. The stabilized sediments that were targeted for placement in
the CDF would no longer be toxic. In addition, constructing the CDF in Red Hook would
have provided some local jobs. Although this proposed option would have resulted in
operations occurring in Red Hook, all of the proposed cleanup components would have
resulted in a significant net reduction in existing impacts to the Red Hook community.
The selection of a remedy is based upon nine evaluation criteria–one of which is
V-64
community acceptance. As was noted in the Proposed Plan, the decision to stabilize
the less contaminated sediments and either reuse them off-Site or place them in an on-
Site CDF was evaluated based upon community acceptance. As a result, a CDF will
not be constructed, and the materials will be sent off-Site.
Comment #108: A commenter opined that since several thousand people expressed
opposition to the construction of the CDF via petitions, postcards, emails, letters and in
meetings, the community does not accept the CDF.
Response #108: While approximately 900 parties located in Red Hook, elsewhere in
New York State and in other states expressed opposition to the construction of the CDF
via letters, emails and postcards and approximately 2,500 business owners, residents,
users of the recreation area and concerned citizens signed two petitions opposing the
construction of the CDF, 15 local businesses and approximately 700 Red Hook
residents located in close proximity to the proposed location of the CDF expressed
support for the construction of the CDF via letters and emails.
Comment #109: A commenter opined that since GBX is located in an industrial section
zoned M-3, an active marine terminal, next to the largest barge port in the region,
expanding the industrial base by constructing a CDF here is a perfect fit for Red Hook.
Two commenters stated that on-Site management of dredge spoils at the proposed Red
Hook CDF or some other local Site is the most sustainable (less impact on the
environment in terms of the carbon footprint) minimal long-term effect on the
environment and cost-effective solution. Fifteen local commercial entities expressed
support for the CDF, stating that due to a lack of docking space for full-sized ships, the
CDF would allow the expansion of the GBX terminal, which would increase the docking
capacity. A number of other commenters stated that limited industrial space is available
in Brooklyn; increasing the footprint of the property would allow industrial expansion in
the area. Approximately seven hundred Red Hook residents located in close proximity
to the proposed location of the CDF expressed support for its construction, noting that it
would result in the improvement to a local business, provide economic benefits and
create local jobs–things which are important to the community of Red Hook.
Another commenter opined that it appears that the concerns about the construction of
the CDF were more about “zero expansion of industrial land in Red Hook than whether
the project was going to be safe or beneficial to the Red Hook community.” Another
commenter suggested that a group opposing the Red Hook CDF pursued a campaign
of misinformation about the nature and safety of the CDF in an attempt to stop the
expansion of industry in the area, thereby negatively impacting a community with a
significant unemployment rate. The commenter notes that not only will the CDF
generate temporary local jobs, but expanding the waterfront property will allow further
industrial expansion, which would result in permanent local jobs. According to the
commenter, the GBX property owner currently hires Red Houses residents. Allowing
his business to expand would result in additional hiring potential.
V-65
Response #109: Disposing of the lesser contaminated sediments dredged from the
lower portion of the canal at a local CDF would be arguably more sustainable than
transporting those sediments off-Site for treatment and disposal.
Comment #110: Approximately 900 parties located in Red Hook, elsewhere in New
York State and in other states expressed strong opposition to constructing a CDF in
Red Hook, expressing health and safety-related concerns, concern about its proximity
to ball fields and a pool and concern about the fact that the owner of the property has
been assessed fines for environmental violations. One commenter asked how
community input in the form of votes for and against the proposal to construct the CDF
at Red Hook will be considered in the remedy selection process.
Response #110: With regard to the health and safety concerns, the operation of an on-
Site stabilization facility would have been designed to comply with all safety and air
emission standards to protect the workers and local residents. Air monitoring would
have been conducted at the facility and along its perimeter. In the unlikely event that
unacceptable levels of contaminants were detected by the samplers, processing
operations would have been terminated and measures would have been taken to
prevent future releases. The stabilized sediments placed into the CDF would not only
have not leached, but would have been contained in the CDF. Therefore, the stabilized
sediments would not have posed a health risk to children playing ball in the ball field or
using the pool.
The selection of a remedy for Superfund sites is not a direct vote process with the
alternative with the highest acceptance being selected. The selection of a remedy is
based upon nine evaluation criteria–one of which is community acceptance. As was
noted in the Proposed Plan, during the comment period, the utilization of a CDF was
one of two disposal options that would be evaluated based upon community input and
acceptance.
As a result of concerns that were expressed by the public about the on-Site stabilization
of the lesser contaminated sediments and their placement in an on-Site CDF, this
disposal option was eliminated from consideration. The lesser contaminated sediments
will be stabilized off-Site and will be beneficially used.
Upland Sources of Contamination
Comment #111: A commenter noted that the Whole Foods property, located along the
5th Street turning basin, is currently being developed. The commenter asked whether or
not the property is a source of contamination to the canal.
Response #111: The contamination on the Whole Foods property has been addressed
by NYSDEC under its Brownfields program. The EPA obtained additional sampling
data from Whole Foods, has been in contact with the construction company and has
reviewed its construction plans. In addition, the EPA independently installed wells on
the property and took soil and groundwater samples. The EPA assessed the
V-66
implemented remedy at the Whole Foods site and, in combination with the results of the
groundwater sampling, concluded that the Whole Foods site does not constitute a
potential source for recontamination of the canal
Comment #112: Two commenters asked whether or not the Whole Foods property
remediation, which included capping, took into account the fact that the property is
subject to flooding.
Response #112: The EPA assessed the implemented remedy at the Site and concluded
that it does not constitute a potential source for recontamination of the canal, regardless
of the fact that portions of the property are low-lying and have been subject to flooding.
The construction plans include the collection and treatment of stormwater runoff.
Comment #113: A commenter asked whether or not NYC requested that the EPA not
take over the remediation of the upland facilities.
Response #113: By mutual agreement, NYSDEC and the EPA decided that NYSDEC
would be responsible for the investigation and remediation of the upland facilities and
the EPA would be responsible for the investigation and remediation of the canal itself.
NYC has not participated in such discussions.
Comment #114: A commenter expressed concern that the EPA is not applying a
comprehensive approach to address the upland sources of contamination to the canal.
Response #114: To prevent recontamination, the upland sources of hazardous
substances must be controlled. The former MGP facilities are being addressed by
National Grid, a PRP for these facilities and the federal Site, under NYSDEC oversight.
Based on the results of the EPA's RI, additional upland areas were found to have the
potential to contribute contaminated groundwater to the canal and were referred to
NYSDEC for investigation and, if necessary, remediation under the State Superfund
program. Remediation schedules for all of these facilities will be coordinated with the
schedule for the canal remedy. In the unlikely event that a timely and effective state-
selected remedy is not implemented at any of these facilities, the EPA may implement
actions pursuant to CERCLA to ensure the protectiveness of the selected remedy.
Combined Sewer Overflows
Comment #115: A commenter noted that there's a sizable difference between the
EPA’s and NYCDEP’s position related to the reduction of CSOs. Another commenter
inquired as to the quantity of CSO reductions needed in the upper canal.
Response #115: NYCDEP is currently committed to a number of CSO improvement
projects that primarily affect the middle and lower portions of the canal. Together, those
projects are projected to reduce annual CSO in the whole canal by 34 percent.
NYCDEP also plans a sewer separation project in a 96-acre area around Carroll Street
for flood control purposes. It is projected that this effort would result in an additional
V-67
overall CSO reduction of 5 percent when it is completed in 2022. NYCDEP is also
undertaking a green infrastructure effort that would result in an estimated 10 percent
CSO reduction in stormwater discharges to the entire canal over an extended period of
time (20-30 years).
Under the current projections, two major outfalls in the upper portion of the canal are not
going to be reduced at all. The EPA has determined that CSO solids reductions in the
upper portion of the canal in the range of 58 to 74 percent are needed to maintain the
sediment PRGs in the surface sediments after remedy implementation for the protection
of benthic (sediment-dwelling) organisms and herbivorous birds. Put in a different
way, every year, there are approximately 54 storm events. Using two in-line retention
tanks as proposed would capture all but five of those events, which translates to an
almost 90 percent reduction in overflow events, based on current analysis. Updated
analysis will be done during the remedial design and as part of the contemporaneous
long-term control plan (LTCP)18 process.
Comment #116: A commenter noted that although the Proposed Plan details the
polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) load reductions that would be achieved through
the capture of twice the “first flush,” there are no estimates of reductions in the other
contaminants contained in the discharge, such as VOCs, PCBs, pesticides and metals.
The commenter suggests that the EPA quantify the reductions in these additional
contaminants and analyze whether additional CSO capture may be required to fully
protect the remedy from discharges of these toxics.
Response #116: The baseline ecological risk assessment (BERA) for the Site
documented a number of contaminants of potential ecological concern (COPECs). The
BERA concluded that total PAHs and certain metals were risk drivers, accounting for
the majority of the unacceptable risk. Based on this, preliminary remediation goals were
developed for those risk drivers under the assumption that all other COPECs would be
addressed concurrently with the risk drivers. It is assumed that CSO reductions that
address the risk drivers will also address the other COPECs since the contaminants
generally tend to adhere to organic particles and be commingled.
Comment #117: Several commenters asked that the EPA insure that the canal
remediation also address the CSOs. Several commenters stated that it is important that
the remediation of the canal be performed thoroughly and that the canal remains clean
post-remediation.
Response #117: Dredging and capping the contaminated sediments will eliminate the
migration of the contaminated sediments and human and ecological exposure to them.
To prevent recontamination, the upland sources of hazardous substances, including
discharges from three former MGP facilities, CSOs to the canal, other contaminated
areas along the canal and unpermitted pipes along the canal, must be controlled. The
18 An LCTP is a phased approach for control of CSOs that requires a permittee to develop and
submit an approvable plan that will ultimately result in compliance with CWA requirements and
New York State water quality standards.
V-68
selected remedy would control the aforementioned sources so that the canal remains
clean following the remediation. Post-remediation monitoring will ensure the
effectiveness of the implemented remedy.
Comment #118: A commenter noted that NYCDEP is not precluded from implementing
CSO controls beyond what is mandated through the LTCP development process and
nothing in the CSO order between NYSDEC and NYCDEP diminishes the EPA’s
authority under Superfund to address toxics being discharged to the canal and protect
the long-term viability of the selected remedy.
Response #118: NYC is under order with New York State to achieve the water quality
goals of the CWA and must ultimately meet the "highest attainable use" per the EPA's
LTCP guidance. The CERCLA and CWA processes are separate. However, EPA and
NYSDEC are committed to work together and with NYCDEP throughout the
development of the remedial design and the contemporaneous LTCP development
process to ensure that both the Superfund and CWA goals are met in a timely, cost-
effective manner. The EPA’s remedial design will be informed and refined by the
results of additional sampling and modeling and by coordination with NYSDEC and
NYCDEP as they develop the LTCP, provided that it does not delay the remedial
process. The LTCP, which is due to the State in June 2015, will address, at a minimum,
the EPA’s remedial performance goals for further CSO solids control in the upper reach
of the canal.
Comment #119: A commenter asked whether the EPA will take an enforcement action if
NYC is not willing to address the CSOs to prevent post-remediation recontamination of
the canal.
Response #119: It is the EPA’s expectation that we will reach a negotiated settlement
with NYC, as well as with the other PRPs, to perform the design and construction of the
remedy selected in the ROD. If the EPA is unable to reach a settlement with any of the
PRPs, a variety of enforcement options are available under the Superfund law. The
EPA will take appropriate actions to ensure that the canal cleanup is not jeopardized by
the post-remediation recontamination of the canal from the CSOs or other ongoing
sources of hazardous substances to the canal.
Frequency of Discharge with Changing Climate Conditions
Comment #120: National Grid and Gowanus Conservancy asserts that the potential
frequency and volume of stormwater that may be discharged is uncertain, especially in
light of climate change predictions that storm events will be more frequent and severe.
Response #120: NYCDEP is a vocal leader in climate change and resiliency planning
issues, and has included climate change considerations in its overall sustainability
effort, PlaNYC.19 The New York City Panel on Climate Change was established by
Local Law 42 to review scientific data on climate change and its potential impacts and to
make recommendations for projections from time to time. In this context, NYCDEP’s
19 http://www.nyc.gov/html/planyc2030/html/home/home.shtml; accessed June 2013.
V-69
climate change reports have consistently warned of the potential for increased future
rainfall and storm event intensity (see NPCC Report, May 2010).
The EPA agrees that prudent planning during the remedial design will require CSO
reduction levels which give consideration to changing climate conditions in order to
ensure a sustainable CERCLA remedy. Absent this, the planned CERCLA CSO
reductions might not meet the level needed to maintain the cleanup in the canal.
Throughout the EPA’s involvement at the Site, the public has expressed concern that
NYCDEP is underestimating CSO discharge volumes to the canal. NYCDEP does not
regularly collect data to track actual CSO discharge volumes. Instead, NYCDEP
estimates CSO discharges for the Gowanus Canal and other watersheds using
modeling. The modeling is based on a range of parameters and data which are
calibrated through various studies. See NYCDEP, 2008 and NYCDEP, 2007.
The WWFP utilized an annual rainfall value of 40.7 inches. This figure was derived
from rainfall data for John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) for the year 1988.
Although total annual rainfall is a consideration, it should be noted that storm duration
and intensity determine whether a CSO event occurs. NYCDEP modeling estimates the
baseline annual CSO discharge volume to be 377 million gallons. After the completion
of the Flushing Tunnel and pump station upgrades, the estimated annual volume is 250
MG.
NYCDEP already plans to determine if adjustments are needed to the rainfall baseline
as part of the upcoming LTCP process (see Alley Creek LTCP Kickoff Presentation,
October 2012, page 21). Use of a higher figure would arguably be consistent with
NYCDEP’s June 2013 Climate Risk Information Report (NPCC, 2013), which provides a
current annual baseline rainfall amount of 50.1 inches (see http://www.nyc.
gov/html/planyc2030/downloads/pdf/npcc_climate_risk_information_2013_report.pdf).
NYCDEP’s “Notify NYC – CSO Advisory Notification System” program, begun in
October 2012, includes rainfall data for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration (NOAA) rain gauges at JFK, LaGuardia and Central Park.
That figure is roughly 25% higher than the Gowanus Canal CSO modeling baseline, and
is based on Central Park rainfall data. In addition to JFK and Central Park, NYCDEP
also considers data for LaGuardia and Newark Airports (see Alley Creek LTCP Kickoff
Presentation, October 2012, page 21). Of the four stations considered by NYCDEP,
JFK is typically the lowest of the four.
Actual annual rainfall levels for JFK since 1988 have been as high as 56 inches in 2011
(that year Central Park experienced over 72 inches of rain). See Figure 8 and Table 2,
below.
V-70
Figure 8: New York City Annual Precipitation
NYC Annual Precipitation (inches)
Year Central Park JFK
1989 65.11 55.73
1990 60.92 45.24
1991 45.18 38.73
1992 43.35 38.38
1993 44.28 35.61
1994 47.39 43.33
1995 40.42 34.42
1996 56.19 51.45
V-71
1997 43.93 39.87
1998 48.69 37.55
1999 42.5 40.1
2000 45.42 41.02
2001 35.92 32.72
2002 45.21 43.13
2003 58.56 44.77
2004 51.97 50.95
2005 55.9 49.55
2006 59.9 44.8
2007 61.7 46.91
2008 53.61 46.26
2009 53.63 45.88
2010 49.37 42.47
2011 72.81 55.77
2012 38.51 39.85
Average 50.85 43.52
1 JFK data from National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Climate Data Center,
available: http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/cdo-web/datasets/ANNUAL/stations/COOP:305803/detail
2 Central Park data from NOAA, Historical Climatological Data - Central Park, NY, Annual Precipitation
Report. Available: http://www.erh.noaa.gov/okx/climate_cms.html
JFK is located in Queens County. Notably, NYCDEP modeling utilizes JFK 1988 rainfall
data not only for the canal, located in Brooklyn, and Newtown Creek, located on the
border of Brooklyn and Queens, but also for more distant sewersheds, such as the
Bronx River. See NYCDEP, 2010, page 8-13.
NYCDEP’s Climate Change Report provides a potential basis for the differential
between the four NOAA stations: “Because some parts of New York City, including
parts of coastal Brooklyn and Queens, currently experience significantly fewer extreme
precipitation days than Central Park, they may experience fewer extreme precipitation
days than those shown in the table for Central Park in the future as well.” NPCC 2013,
page 20. However, it is not clear that this stated differential is applicable to each of the
separate sewersheds, including the canal.
In addition to any update of the 1988 standard, future impacts need to be considered
as well. The June 2013 Climate Change report projects a middle range (25th to 75th
V-72
percentile) estimate of 0-10% increase in precipitation above the current rainfall
baseline during the 2020’s. See NPCC 2013, page 5. Storm intensity is also likely to
increase:
Heavy downpours are very likely to increase in frequency, intensity, and duration.
“Very likely” is defined as “>90% probability of occurrence. [T]he four years with
the most occurrences of 2 or more inches of rain (1983, 1989, 2007, and 2011)
have all occurred since 1980. Over the larger Northeast U. S. region, intense
precipitation events (defined as the heaviest 1 percent of all daily events) have
increased by approximately 70 percent over the period from 1958 to 2011
(USGCRP, 2013). NPCC, pages 4 and 13.
The CSO discharge modeling is also exclusive of extraordinary events which result in
releases to the canal. For example, during Superstorm Sandy, approximately 13 million
gallons of untreated sewage was discharged due to pump stations not being on-line.
See NYCDEP presentation to Community Board Six regarding Gowanus Canal
Infrastructure Improvement/Post-Hurricane Sandy Updates, January 28, 2013, page 4.
As a result, there is at least the potential that actual CSO discharge volumes into the
Gowanus Canal may be greater than the current estimate of 377 million gallons per
year. In order to achieve the remediation goals, these factors will need to be taken into
account during the remedial design for CSO solids controls.
Criteria for Combined Sewer Overflow Reductions
Comment #121: Community Board Six commented that the separation of the CERCLA
remedy from the CWA requirements is troubling and it suggested an even more
aggressive approach to CSO controls.
Response #121: Sampling data indicate that CSOs are among the sources which are
discharging hazardous substances to the canal. If these are not reduced, surface
sediment concentrations will exceed the PRGs following remedy implementation.
These discharges are primarily from RH-034 at the head end of the canal and OH-007
in the middle of the canal.
As discussed elsewhere, in addition to contributing COCs at levels above the PRGs,
CSO solids also contribute several other deleterious impacts to the selected remedy.
The CSO solids adsorb and concentrate other canal contamination which binds to the
organic sewage components. The CSO solids also decompose, leading to ebullition
which results in transport of NAPL from the sediment to the water column.
NYCDEP is currently implementing infrastructure repairs and upgrades which will
decrease CSO discharges to the lower section of canal and will also reduce the
discharge of floatable debris throughout the canal. This work is being done pursuant to
the above-noted CSO Consent Order under authority of the CWA. The broad purpose
of the CSO Consent Order is to achieve the fishable/swimmable goals of the CWA.
Following the completion of the current work, the LTCP process will assess if additional
CWA-related improvements are necessary. The contaminated CSO solids controls
V-73
which the EPA is separately requiring are for the purpose of assuring the long-term
effectiveness of the remedy, rather than for CWA purposes. These additional controls
will, however, result in additional CWA benefits.
The EPA and NYSDEC recognize the value in coordinating CERCLA and the CWA
efforts to the extent practicable. In order to ensure that the LTCP process is consistent
with the CERCLA remedy, NYSDEC has required that the LTCP must meet, at a
minimum, the requirements of the Superfund remedy.
The LTCP process includes a one-year, post-construction monitoring program to
determine if NYCDEP’s current repairs and upgrades will have achieved the planned
effectiveness for CWA purposes. The LTCP will then be developed by NYCDEP and
approved by NYSDEC. The EPA plans to closely review NYCDEP’s monitoring efforts
both to assure that the current actions achieve what is planned for the lower canal and
as a source of information in the remedial design of the contaminated CSO solids
controls selected for the CERCLA remedy. The data developed during the remedial
design, as well as through the LTCP process to the extent that it is moving in parallel,
will be utilized to refine the CSO reduction range and the CSO retention tank size
necessary to achieve the PRGs.
Combined Sewer Overflow Controls
Comment #122: A commenter stated that sewage retention tanks would not address the
cause of the problem–stormwater. Instead of sewage retention tanks, the commenter
suggested smaller, strategically-located rain water holding tanks in upslope sites that
would make retention tanks unnecessary by diverting overland flow from the sewers.
National Grid asserts that high-level sewer separation for some of the largest CSO
outfalls on the canal will not be adequate to control CSO discharges.
Response #122: The WWFP evaluated numerous CSO control strategies including, but
not limited to sewer separation, treatment, storage, and combinations of these
strategies. While all of these approaches were found to be feasible by NYCDEP,
NYCDEP screened out all of the options based on cost effectiveness, a factor to which
the CWA gives higher import than CERCLA, which requires protectiveness to be
considered first. In order to understand how NYCDEP calculated its CSO retention tank
costs and determined that such tanks were not cost effective, the EPA requested
NYCDEP’s supporting documents for its CSO retention tanks costs from the WWFP.
NYCDEP did not provide any documentary support for its costs (New York City
Response to the EPA Request for Information, November 21, 2012). It should be
noted that the costs in the WWFP exceeded the as-built cost per million gallons of other
retention tanks previously constructed by NYCDEP.
During 2012, NYCDEP and the EPA each performed separate screenings and
evaluations of technologies for CSO solids controls. NYCDEP’s analysis was
performed at the request of NYSDEC under the CWA. NYSDEC specified eight
options for NYCDEP to evaluate, including use of silt curtains at RH-034, developing
maintenance dredging metrics, upgrades and improved maintenance of the OH-007
V-74
weir, yearly monitoring of solids, advanced implementation of NYCDEP’s required CSO
sediment mound dredging, and additional regular sewer cleaning. NYCDEP concluded
that optimizing the OH-007 weir, already done in March 2012, was feasible. NYCDEP
found three options – routine cleaning of the OH-007 weir, monitoring solids and
maintenance dredging - to have some potential effectiveness. NYCDEP found the
remaining options to not be feasible.
The feasibility analysis performed by the EPA evaluated the same contaminated CSO
solids control options as NYCDEP and included the additional option of providing
retention tanks. The no-action case in the screening analysis performed by the EPA
was based on NYCDEP’s WWFP and the controls it plans to achieve - an overall 34%
estimated reduction of CSO discharges (when compared to NYCDEP’s modeled
baseline assumption, and subject to post-construction confirmation). While the CSO
reductions from NYCDEP’s current repair and upgrade work are calculated with respect
to the canal as a whole, these reductions will, in fact, only occur for the middle and
lower reaches of the canal.
Like NYCDEP’s WWFP, the EPA’s analyses concluded that contaminated CSO solids
controls are feasible in the canal. The EPA concluded that storage in below-ground
tanks or other structures would achieve much higher levels of CSO reductions than the
other options considered by NYCDEP’s report. The EPA’s analysis concluded that such
tanks could be implemented at a fraction of the cost specified in the WWFP, at costs
consistent with other CSO tanks constructed by NYCDEP.
The NYCDEP intends to implement two projects beyond its WWFP. The contribution of
these will be taken into consideration, along with other information developed during
remedial design, in determining the final tank sizes and costs.
The first, to be completed by 2022, is for high-level sewer separation along 3rd Avenue
in the vicinity of Carroll Street to reduce flooding. It may also reduce CSO discharges to
the canal by an additional 5%. However, the storm sewers would discharge runoff
directly from the streets to the canal at Carroll Street with potentially no capture of the
solids in the runoff. Contaminant load reduction will likely be less than 5%, and may be
unchanged if no solids are captured. As with discharge points from new development
along the canal, the EPA plans to seek to have appropriate solids and contaminant
capture technology implemented at the outfall in order to reduce loading to the canal.
NYCDEP also has a green infrastructure implementation plan over the coming 20 years
that NYCDEP expects will further reduce runoff entering the combined sewers and, and
reduce CSOs to the canal by an additional five percent. The EPA supports the efforts
being made by NYCDEP in green infrastructure and other source controls which may be
included in the LTCP. However, details about the full range of future green
infrastructure projects in the Gowanus Canal drainage area are not known and the
degree of CSO solids reductions has not been established. It should also be noted that
NYCDEP’s green infrastructure plan will be scaled up over time, such that the bulk of
the CSO reductions will occur later in the 20-year planning period. See “New York City
Green Infrastructure 2012 Annual Report,” April 2013, page 14.
V-75
Detailed Calculations on Combined Sewer Overflow Reduction Benefits
Comment #123: Community Board Six suggested that since remedy success is
dependent on the implementation of CSO controls, the ROD should clearly show how a
reduction in volume and toxicity from the CSO discharges will be achieved. The Board
also suggested that the ROD present clear calculations on the future projected volume
of contaminants entering the canal, address the uncertainty associated with the
“presumed” future scenarios and provide estimates of contaminant loading under
interim and long-term sediment control measures.
Response #123: As noted previously, the EPA developed alternatives and provided cost
estimates for both the canal remedy and the anticipated contaminated CSO solids
controls in the FS report and FS report addendum. The anticipated benefit of the
contaminated CSO solids controls is that they will result in achieving the RAOs for canal
sediments and the long-term effectiveness and sustainability of the implemented
remedy. The EPA believes that the proposed contaminated CSO solids controls are
consistent with the EPA policy and that no additional level of calculations of CSO
reduction benefits is needed.
The following section from the EPA’s 2005 Contaminated Sediment Remediation
Guidance for Hazardous Waste Sites indicates the following concerning uncertainty in
decisions:
No two sites are identical and therefore the risk-management strategy will vary
from site to site. . . The strategy selected should be one that actually reduces
overall risk, not merely transfers the risk to another site or another affected
population. The decision process necessary to arrive at an optimal management
strategy is complex and likely to involve numerous site-specific considerations. . .
Management decisions must be made, even when information is imperfect.
There are uncertainties associated with every decision that need to be weighed,
evaluated, and communicated to affected parties. Imperfect knowledge must not
become an excuse for not making a decision.
As noted previously, during the remedial design, additional information will be
developed in order to optimize the CSO solids controls to achieve the appropriate level
of CSO reduction. As discussed elsewhere, the EPA intends to require that
consideration be given to future development impacts in designing the appropriate level
of control.
NYCDEP has taken the position that the work currently being implemented will result in
minimum compliance with the SD water body classification for the canal. As a result,
NYCDEP believes that no further investment will be needed for CWA purposes at the
canal. However, additional conditions in the canal are considered to be in violation of
applicable standards, such as the “narrative criteria” standards. In addition, the goal of
the CWA is to achieve fishable, swimmable waters. Even if full compliance with this
standard cannot be achieved, the intent of the statute is to obtain the maximum degree
of progress toward this goal.
As noted previously, NYSDEC has already determined that NYCDEP’s LTCP for the
Gowanus Canal must, at minimum, comply with the CSO-related remedial requirements
V-76
for the CERCLA remedy (see NYSDEC’s Proposed Plan concurrence letter, December
21, 2012). The State’s determination in this regard indicates that the State believes that
there are sufficient benefits under the CWA to justify the additional contaminated CSO
solids controls in the selected remedy.
Although not considered for CERCLA purposes, the additional contaminated CSO
solids controls in the selected remedy will produce CWA benefits, including reduced
exposure to pathogens and improvement to dissolved oxygen levels.
Industrial Sources to Combined Sewer Overflow
Comment #124: National Grid notes that to adequately control the inflow of sediments
and contaminants from the CSOs and stormwater discharges, other industrial sources
need to be identified and controlled.
Response #124: NYCDEP, like most municipalities, has historically allowed and
continues to allow industrial discharges to its sanitary and combined sewer systems.
CSO events, however, may result in the discharge of sanitary sewage and hazardous
substances disposed of by non-regulated users or picked up from captured stormwater.
Some of these hazardous substances tend to bind to the organic solids present in the
sewage.
NYCDEP has operated an Industrial Pre-treatment Program (IPP), as required by
federal regulations, since 1987 in order to help protect the sewers, the wastewater
treatment plants and NYC's receiving waters. As part of the IPP, NYCDEP issues
permits for and inspects IPP facilities to control the quantity and quality of the industrial
wastewater discharged to it its system. In addition to issuing permits, as part of its
water and sewer rates, NYC charges for such disposal through the sewers. Ultimately,
NYCDEP is responsible for the industrial wastewater discharged to its system.
NYCDEP is also responsible for the lack of treatment which occurs when the industrial
discharges are directed to the canal via CSO events.
The EPA’s evaluation of CSO solids and its subsequent determination of the need of
contaminated CSO solids controls is based on the CSO solids characteristics under
current combined flow conditions (industrial discharges and other flows to NYCDEP’s
sewer system) based on data collected in CSOs discharging to the Canal that is
documented in the EPA’s RI report.
Timing of Combined Sewer Overflow Reductions and Remedy Implementation
Comment #125: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA should:
 Wait for the implementation of permanent CSO controls until the currently
planned infrastructure upgrades for the mid and lower reaches of the canal are
completed.
 Evaluate permanent CSO controls as part of the CSO LTCP process.
V-77
 Not require any permanent CSO controls to be implemented prior to the
commencement of the canal sediment remedy.
Response #125: The EPA recognizes the importance of timing the implementation of all
source controls relative to the implementation of the CERCLA remedy for the canal in
order to prevent recontamination of the canal. To that end, the EPA has developed a
schedule for the CERCLA remedy implementation that integrates the timing of the
required source controls, including the former MGP facilities, CSOs and other sources
identified along the canal.
While the EPA’s preference is to have the contaminated CSO solids controls
implemented in conjunction with dredging the upper and middle reaches of the canal,
interim control measures may be necessary. The cost of implementing any interim
control measures will need to be assessed against the value of accelerating the final
control measures.
The EPA is committed to working closely with NYSDEC and other parties, including
NYCDEP and National Grid, to fully integrate the source control work with the
implementation schedule of the remedy for the canal. The remedial design will also be
informed by, but not dictated by, NYCDEP’s work in developing the LTCP for
submission in June 2015 pursuant to NYCDEP’s Consent Order with the NYSDEC.
The LTCP will serve as an assessment of CWA progress.
Characteristics of Combined Sewer Overflow Solids
Comment #126: A number of comments were received that related to the impacts of
CSO solids on sediment quality in the canal. NYCDEP argued that CSO solids are not
contaminated to a level that requires action under CERCLA or constitute only a small
portion of the total mass of solids deposited in the canal, while other commenters
argued that CSOs have a major impact on sediment quality and will require more than
the 58 to 74 percent solids reduction, specified in the Proposed Plan, to prevent
recontamination of the canal after the sediment remedy is implemented. Specifically,
the commenters stated that:
 Total PAH and total PCB concentrations of CSO solids do not exceed the PRGs
(NYCDEP).
 The lines of evidence related to CSO impacts provided in EPA’s FS report
addendum are not valid (NYCDEP).
 The recently accumulated sediments adjacent to CSO outfalls are contaminated by
PAHs, PCBs, pesticides, metals, pathogens, pharmaceutical and personal care
products (PPCPs), and other chemicals that pose a risk to human health and the
environment and threaten the success of any remedy (National Grid).
Response #126: Contamination or recontamination of sediments by CSO and
stormwater discharges has been documented at a number of sites (e.g., ASTSWMO,
2013; AWTA, 2002; Cohen, 2013; Stern, 2013; Dalton and Fuglevand, 2013). In 2011,
NYCDEP performed the dredging and capping of contaminated CSO sediments in the
V-78
Hendrix Street Canal (see Mahoney et al. CSO Sediment Removal in an Urban
Tributary, 2011). Although this is a non-industrial canal on Jamaica Bay, the 7,000-foot
long canal is similar in that the uppermost 1,400 feet near a major outfall have a
contaminated CSO mound which is causing odor problems. Cadmium, total DDT, total
chlordane and total PCBs were the primary contaminants of concern (COCs) detected
in the sediment relative to their respective NYSDEC Technical & Operational Guidance
Series (TOGS) 5. 1. 9 screening values for Class C sediment. Additional metals
(copper, lead and mercury) and dieldrin were detected above TOGS screening values
for Class C sediment. Arsenic and total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were
also frequently detected above TOGS 5. 1. 9 screening values for Class B sediment.
Total benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene and xylene (BTEX) were detected above TOGS
5. 1. 9 screening value for Class B sediment in one of twenty samples collected. The
detection of benzene was below TOGS 5. 1. 9 screening values for Class A sediment.
The EPA’s investigations have established that CSO solids and associated
contaminants accumulate in the canal and contribute to unacceptable risks that require
action under CERCLA.
Solids and associated contaminants discharged by CSOs pose a risk of accumulating in
and recontaminating the canal because of the highly urbanized nature of the watershed;
the percentage of the watershed served by combined sewers and storm drains (94
percent); the large annual discharges from CSO outfalls RH-034 and OH-007 and
incomplete flushing of CSO solids from the canal that are expected to occur even after
the improvements currently being implemented under NYC’s Waterbody/Watershed
Facility Plan (WWFP) (Facility Plan; NYCDEP, 2008) are completed. The EPA has
reviewed the newly-collected data and information related to CSO solids provided by
NYCDEP and National Grid in their comments on the Proposed Plan and has concluded
that, overall, the results confirm the data and information used by the EPA to develop
and select the remedy for the canal. In particular, all of NYCDEP’s data confirms that
the CSOs contribute CERCLA hazardous substances to the canal. NYCDEP’s
comments emphasize the need to control non-CSO discharges, such as from
unpermitted pipes. The EPA’s conclusion regarding the need to control CSO
discharges, however, is consistent with the WWFP’s findings that the CSOs are the
largest source of pollutants by volume to the canal. Therefore, CSO reductions are a
required component of the remedy for the canal.
Comment #127: NYCDEP commented that the contaminant concentrations on CSO
solids are below PRGs.
Response #127: NYCDEP collected wet weather CSO samples from the four major
outfalls contributing 95 percent of the annual CSO discharge (RH-034, RH-035, RH-031
and OH-007).20 Samples were collected in six wet weather events as time-composited
whole water samples between September 2012 and January 2013. The whole water
samples were subsequently filtered using a 0.7 µm filter and the dissolved (<0.7 µm)
20 Dry weather samples and wastewater treatment plant samples were also collected.
V-79
and particulate (>0.7 µm) fractions were analyzed separately. NYCDEP provided the
EPA with unvalidated data tables,21 and the EPA converted the particulate sample
results to CSO solids concentrations using the total suspended solids (TSS) results.
It should be noted that particle size distributions in CSO and stormwater samples are
continuous and that the selection of a specific filter size to separate “particulate” and
“dissolved” phase contamination is an arbitrary operational definition. Some particles
will pass through a 0.7 µm filter and will be misclassified as dissolved. In particular, the
colloidal fraction of the solids load (and associated contaminants) will pass through a
0.7 µm filter, but these particles may ultimately be deposited with the rest of the solids
on the sediment bed in the canal. Therefore, the fraction that is classified as “dissolved”
should not be excluded as a component of the overall contaminant load to the canal.
Comment #128: NYCDEP commented that the average total PAH concentration on the
CSO solids based on its 2012 data set for the particulate fraction (30 mg/kg) is
significantly lower than the EPA’s estimate (61 mg/kg).
Response #128: Comparing average concentrations (and confidence limits) does not
take into account the variability in contaminant concentrations in CSO discharges over
time. The long-term average PAH concentration on CSO solids cannot be reliably
determined from these data sets. Only the ranges of total PAH concentrations on CSO
solids from the EPA and NYCDEP data sets are compared in Table 3, below, because
the sample numbers are not large enough for a robust statistical comparison. In
general, the EPA sought to address the uncertainty associated with a given sampling
set by utilizing multiple lines of evidence relating to the hazardous substance
contaminant loadings and impacts of CSO solids.
Table 3: Total PAH Concentrations on CSO Solids from the Four Major CSO
Outfalls
Total PAH17* (mg/kg)
Number of
Data Set Sample Type
Samples
Minimum Maximum
EPA 2010 Whole Water
7 4 185
Grab
NYC 2012 Particulate (> 0.7
µm) 12 18 44
Time-composited
* Sum of detected 16 Priority Pollutant PAHs and 2-methylnaphthalene
NYCDEP’s results are within the range of the EPA’s estimated concentrations, and
presumably, are less variable because they are based on time-composited samples.
The data collectively indicate that PAHs are present in CSO discharges at levels that
21 Many of the unvalidated PAH and PCB sample results were flagged “B” indicating that the
associated blank sample contained an unspecified level of contamination.
V-80
could lead to the recontamination of surface sediments in the canal to levels that
exceed the PRG of 20 mg/kg at 6 percent TOC.
Additionally, NYCDEP calculated the average total PAH concentration on CSO solids
on an organic carbon-normalized basis (30 mg/kg at 40 percent TOC, which is
equivalent to 5 mg/kg at 6 percent TOC), compared the result to the PRG (20 mg/kg at
6 percent TOC) and concluded that PAHs on CSO solids are not a concern. However,
the concern is that the PAHs discharged in CSOs will accumulate in canal sediments to
levels that pose a risk to aquatic organisms. The PAHs and organic carbon in the
CSOs are subjected to a variety of weathering and degradation processes after they are
deposited on the sediment bed, so their composition and relative concentrations in
surface sediment will not be the same as they are in the CSO solids. Benthic
organisms are exposed to the contaminants after they have been incorporated into the
surface sediments, so the PRG is compared to the total PAH concentrations on an
organic-carbon normalized basis in the surface sediment, not the CSO solids.
Comment #129: NYCDEP commented that the average total PCB congener
concentration on CSO solids based on the 2012 particulate samples (0.44 mg/kg) is
slightly lower than the PCB PRG (0.48 mg/kg).
Response #129: The EPA did not measure PCB congeners in CSO samples. The
range of total PCB congener concentrations on CSO solids based on NYCDEP’s data
set is 0.24 to 0.94 mg/kg, indicating that PCBs are present on CSO solids at levels that
could cause recontamination.
Combined Sewer Overflow Impacts on Sediments in Upper Reach of Canal
Comment #130: NYCDEP questioned the lines of evidence presented in the “Impact of
Combined Sewer Overflows on Gowanus Canal Sediments,” section of Feasibility Study
Report Addendum, Gowanus Canal, Brooklyn, New York, December 2012 (hereinafter
“CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum”).
Response #130: The referenced CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum
examines the characteristics of the top two feet of sediment in the upper reach of the
canal, where the influence of CSO solids on sediment quality is most apparent. The
EPA believes that the physical and chemical characteristics of the top two feet of
sediment in the upper reach of the canal are indicative of substantial CSO impacts.
While NYCDEP disagrees in its Proposed Plan comment submissions, as noted in other
responses, NYCDEP reports on the Gowanus Canal which predate the Site’s listing on
the national priorities list as a Superfund site are consistent with the EPA’s position.
Total Organic Carbon Content of Sediments
Comment #131: NYCDEP commented that the surface sediments (0-0.5 feet) in the
upper reach of the canal are primarily composed of harbor solids because their average
total organic carbon (TOC) content (six percent) is closer to harbor solids (three percent
on average) than CSO solids (40 percent on average based on NYCDEP 2012 CSO
data set).
V-81
Response #131: As is noted later in NYCDEP’s comments, TOC is not a conservative
tracer than can be used to estimate relative contributions of CSO and harbor solids to
the surface sediments. NYCDEP’s receiving water quality modeling report for the canal
(NYCDEP, 2007) describes the breakdown of organic matter in CSO discharges
through the process of diagenesis. After CSO solids settle to the sediment bed, a
series of chemical reactions occur that contribute to the conversion and decay of
organic matter. According to the modeling report, physical indicators that these
reactions are occurring are strong odors of hydrogen sulfide and sediment mounds at
discharge points. NYCDEP notes that both indicators are apparent in Gowanus Canal.
NYCDEP performed a “peeper” study in 1989 specifically to investigate diagenesis.
This study measured gases produced in the anaerobic sediment layer due to the decay
of settled organic solids; pore water equilibrators, or “peepers,” were deployed in the
upper mile of the canal where “sediment activity is expected due to the settling of outfall
solids” (NYCDEP, 1993). Given the direct evidence of diagenesis, the TOC content in
the canal surface sediment would not be expected to reflect directly the TOC content of
the CSO solids prior to deposition or a simple ratio of the TOC content of CSO solids
and harbor solids.
In the EPA’s CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum, total PAH concentrations
on CSO solids are compared to concentrations in surface sediment in the upper canal
without adjusting (normalizing) for TOC content. NYCDEP commented that the PAH
and PCB contamination in the canal surface sediments could not be attributed to CSOs
if TOC is used to normalize the contaminant concentrations in the CSO solids and
sediments prior to comparison. However, organic carbon normalization is based on the
assumption of equilibrium conditions (EPA, 2002), which is not likely to be the case
when contaminated solids in stormwater are mixed with sewage over a short time frame
during an overflow event. Organic contaminant data are typically reported on an
organic carbon normalized basis to evaluate potential bioavailability after equilibrium
has been established at the point of exposure (i.e., in the surface sediments). It should
be noted that the mass of PAHs or PCBs discharged to the canal in CSOs is the same
regardless of how the data are reported.
Relationships Between Contaminant Concentrations in Combined Sewer
Overflows and Surface Sediments
Comment #132: NYCDEP concluded that surface sediment PAH concentrations in the
upper canal are substantially higher than concentrations on CSO solids, and, therefore,
CSOs cannot be responsible for the sediment contamination.
Response #132: The PAH concentrations measured in NYCDEP’s 2012 CSO samples
are within the range measured in surface sediment samples in the upper canal and are
significantly higher than Upper New York Bay and Gowanus Bay reference area
concentrations, indicating that the CSOs do contribute to PAH contamination in the
upper canal. While the EPA agrees that CSO solids are not the only source of PAHs to
surface sediments in the upper canal, the CSO contribution of PAHs (and other
hazardous substances) is significant in mass and volume. As discussed elsewhere, the
CSO solids contribute other negative impacts to the sediment, including acting as a sink
V-82
by adsorbing other contaminants and transporting NAPL through ebullition caused by
decay of the sewage. NYCDEP’s current comments and prior submissions
acknowledge this adsorptive nature of sediment particles with regard to the fate and
transport of sediments. See NYCDEP Proposed Plan comment #3.1, page 20, and
NYCDEP, 2011, pages 29-34.
Comment #133: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA’s assumption that whole water
concentrations of all PAHs are entirely particle-bound is incorrect.
Response #133: The PAH concentrations on CSO solids that NYCDEP measured in the
particulate (>0. 7 µm) fraction of 2012 CSO samples was within the range estimated by
the EPA based on whole water samples. Although the EPA’s estimated PAH
concentrations on CSO solids are more variable than NYCDEP’s, the new data do not
invalidate the EPA’s interpretation of the data. The EPA recognizes that 100 percent of
the contamination is not particle bound; however, the literature related to the distribution
of PAHs and metals on various particle size fractions in stormwater and urban runoff
indicates that this simplifying assumption is reasonable (Brown et al., 2012; Grant et al.,
2003; Hwang and Foster, 2005; DeGroot and Weiss, 2008; Bathi et al., 2012). As noted
above, the fraction that is classified as “dissolved” (i.e., <0. 7 µm) also includes the
colloidal fraction, which should not be excluded as a component of the overall
contaminant load to the canal. It should be noted that in a presentation to the EPA in
February 2011, NYCDEP used the EPA’s CSO whole water data to evaluate potential
human health risks (NYCDEP, 2011), also making the assumption, at that time, that all
of the contamination was particle-bound and associated with the TSS; NYCDEP’s
treatment of this data utilized the same simplifying assumption as the EPA--that all of
the contamination is particle-bound.
Comment #134: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA’s CSO data set is limited and,
apparently, not representative.
Response #134: The total PAH, copper and lead concentrations on CSO solids as
estimated by the EPA (based on whole water samples) and NYCDEP (based on the
analysis of the particulate samples) show the same pattern – the ranges of
concentrations measured by NYCDEP fall within the range estimated by the EPA, and
NYCDEP’s data are less variable. The EPA believes that the data collected is, together
with the many other multiple lines of evidence considered, including NYCDEP’s CWA
reports and CSO sampling data, provide strong support for the Agency’s conclusions
regarding the impacts of CSOs on canal sediment quality.
Comment #135: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA’s comparison of PAH concentrations in
CSO solids and surface sediments in the upper canal excluded surface sediment data
collected on four transects by the EPA’s Environmental Response Team (ERT),22 which
averaged approximately 950 mg/kg.
Response #135: The surface sediment (0-0.5 foot) samples collected by ERT in the
upper reach of the canal were reviewed by the EPA as part of the RI. The EPA
determined that the ERT data was not appropriate for use in the surface sediment data
22 The ERT collected supplemental samples during the RI.
V-83
set since the samples were collected using vibracore sampling technology. The tops of
cores taken in soft, very wet and unconsolidated sediments typically do not remain
intact when the core is placed in a horizontal position for sub-sampling (i.e., the soft
sediment at the top of the core tends to slump). The surface sediment samples utilized
in the RI were collected with a grab sampler, and acceptability criteria were applied to
ensure that the top six inches of the grab were representative of surface sediments.
Finally, although NYCDEP reported that the average PAH concentration in the surface
sediment intervals from the ERT cores collected along four transects was 950 mg/kg,
the average and median total PAH concentrations in these ten samples were 386 mg/kg
and 153 mg/kg, respectively. Even if one were to assume that NYCDEP was correct in
asserting that the EPA data effectively understated the PAH concentrations in surface
sediments, this would result in a corresponding understatement of the risk presented by
exposure to the PAHs in those surface sediments.
Comment #136: NYCDEP asserts that an average total PAH concentration of 56 + 40
mg/kg is not representative of surface sediment in the upper canal because it is less
than the average total PAH concentration measured in the samples collected by ERT
and the average concentration in samples collected by NYCDEP for toxicity testing.
Response #136: As noted above, the 0-0.5 foot samples collected by ERT were not
included in the surface sediment data set because they were collected with a vibracore,
which adversely affects surface sample integrity. NYCDEP collected only three
samples from the upper canal for toxicity testing, and two of these locations are
adjacent to each other. The EPA’s average concentration was based on samples
collected from ten locations throughout the upper reach. National Grid collected three
additional rounds of surface sediment samples from the same ten locations in January-
February 2011, August 2011 and May 2012 (GEI, 2011, 2012a and 2012b). There are
no statistically significant differences in the median total PAH concentrations in the four
sets of surface sediment samples considered by the EPA.
Comment #137: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA failed to consider other sources of
PAHs, especially in the middle reach of the canal, that likely impact the upper reach of
the canal.
Response #137: NYCDEP reports and other data support the EPA’s conclusion that
CSO solids discharges are a source of PAHs to the canal:
Wet-weather discharges from a combined sewer system contain a mixture of
sanitary sewage and urban runoff that is significantly stronger in pollutant
concentrations than natural runoff. These pollutants include coliform bacteria,
oxygen-demanding materials, suspended and settleable solids, floatables, oil and
grease, and others. (NYCDEP, 2008, page 3-32).
The EPA agrees that CSOs are not the only source of PAHs in the upper canal;
however, the large volumes associated with CSOs and the migratory effect of Flushing
Tunnel discharges are likely to have a far greater impact on surface sediments in the
upper canal than the upstream transport of PAHs from the middle reach of the canal
because tidal circulation is weak.
NYCDEP also suggests that the CSO solids are not the source of PAHs to the surface
V-84
sediment largely by seeking to differentiate contaminant concentrations of CSO
samples from those of surface sediments. However, the level of PAHs associated with
a given discharge of CSO solids is unlikely to remain unaltered after entering the canal
(even setting aside statistical effects created by collection methods such as time-
composited samples). NYCDEP’s 1993 hydrodynamic modeling report noted that CSO
solids tend to settle within six hours following an overflow event.23 The report further
noted that “[Sediment Oxygen Demand (SOD)] is the greatest when the solids initially
settle and the reactive solids have an immediate impact.”24 The CSO solids begin
decomposing. In addition, the CSO solids may begin absorbing other contaminated
substances; NAPL may be transported via ebullition caused by the sediment off-gassing
and mixing with other contaminated surface sediment may occur, such as by storm
event disturbances.
Comment #138: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA did not consider the impact of other
metal sources to the canal (such as active junkyards on the canal that have been cited
for numerous violations) and the effect of harbor solids in diluting the inputs of metals
discharged from the CSOs.
Response #138: CSO contributions of metals are well documented, including by
NYCDEP’s own recent and historic sampling data reports. NYCDEP’s comment
acknowledges that copper and lead are higher in CSO solids than in reference areas.
NYCDEP then asserts that “the EPA’s inference that solids from CSO dominate the
Canal cannot be supported given the significant dilution by harbor solids to explain
copper concentrations. . .”
The EPA’s finding that CSO solids dominate the canal, particularly the upper canal, is
based on multiple lines of evidence, detailed further elsewhere. Moreover, the EPA’s
findings are fully consistent with NYCDEP’s own, predominately pre-Superfund listing,
technical findings:
Historical discharges by CSOs and stormwater have impacted almost the entire
Canal bottom, which can be described as “black mayonnaise” - a dark, black
material containing large amounts of organic matter and a low percentage of
solids. This is most predominately observed upstream of Hamilton Avenue.
(NYCDEP, 2008, page 4-30).
CSOs dominate the loadings of biochemical oxygen demand (BOD), total
suspended solids (TSS), and total coliform bacteria to Gowanus Canal.
(NYCDEP, 2008, page 3-27)
23 Both the data and model results indicate that outfall solids, having the greatest impact in the
head of the canal, settle out within about six hours after a storm event occurs. Based on the
agreement between model results and solids data these settling rates will be applied in
projection analyses.” (NYCDEP 1993; Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Task
4.3B – Gowanus Canal Modeling) at 4-11, 4-20.
24 (NYCDEP 1993; Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Task 4.3B – Gowanus Canal
Modeling) at 2-18.
V-85
Discharges from the single outfall at the Gowanus Pump Station (RH-034)
dominate the CSO impacts throughout the entire Canal. (NYCDEP, 2008, page
4-41).
As noted in response to a prior comment, NYCDEP’s attempt to directly compare and
contrast CSO sampling results with surface sediment sampling results is not technically
sound, given the variety of physical and chemical alterations which the solids are
subject to between the time of discharge to the canal, settling to the sediment bed, and
finally sampling as part of a six-inch thick surface layer. For example, surface
sediments are likely to be impacted by ongoing mixing with older sediments disturbed
by vessel traffic, storms and other causes of re-suspension.
Regarding the processes which may alter the CSO solid metals levels after their
discharge to the canal, the EPA believes that harbor sediments have relatively little
impact on surface sediment concentrations. The harbor sediments have a much
smaller metals loading. As the NYCDEP stated in this regard:
When compared to "natural” sediments in Jamaica Bay, the naturally occurring
metals concentrations in the earth's crust and to the same extent the Inner
Harbor water quality station sediments, CSO mounds and tributaries dominated
by CSO discharge have much higher sediment metals concentrations (Table 5-
16). (Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Final Draft Facilities Planning
Report. July 1993, page 5-32.)
Next, the lighter harbor solids tend to settle much less than CSO solids, consistent with
standard scientific understanding of the issue. As the NYCDEP concluded in 1993,
consistent with the EPA’s current position:
Total suspended solids are a critical component of the model framework since
CSO's contribute significant amounts of solids that settle to the bed producing an
oxygen demand in the Canal. Two solids systems are modeled; background and
outfall. The reason for this is that background solids concentrations are similar
throughout the Canal while outfall solids concentrations vary depending on outfall
locations. In addition background solids settle slowly while outfall solids settle
more quickly thereby having a greater flux to the sediment… Based on settling
tests performed for this project settling rates for outfall solids of 50 ft/day were
applied in the model. Background solids were settled at 1 ft/day in accordance
with previous model analyses and calibrations done here. (NYCDEP Inner
Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Task 4. 3B – Gowanus Canal Modeling.
December 1993, page 4-11).
NYCDEP’s most recent modeling report update reached the same conclusion:
Modeling of total suspended solids (TSS) was separated into outfall and
background components to distinguish between the heavier, more-settleable
solids discharged from sewers and the lighter, less-settleable solids suspended
in receiving waters. (NYCDEP Receiving Water Quality Modeling Report –
Volume 4 – Gowanus Canal. City-Wide Long Term CSO Control Planning
Project – September 2007, page 4-32.)
V-86
Despite these repeated, consistent conclusions, NYCDEP, with respect to Superfund
matters in the canal, has taken the contrary position that the majority of sediment load
at the head of the canal – where the EPA seeks additional CSO solids reductions - are
from the harbor. During technical presentations in March 2012, NYCDEP placed the
harbor input at 90%. (NYCDEP, March 26, 2012, page 26). In comments submitted in
May 2012 to the EPA’s National Remedy Review Board, NYCDEP revised this number
downward slightly:
Thus, NYCDEP's analysis shows that under the conservative supposition that all
the CSO solids settle in the Canal, only 20 percent of solids accumulating in the
Canal are from CSOs and the remaining 80 percent are from tidal exchange and
other sources under current baseline conditions… Even in areas such as the
head end (from the bulkhead to Carroll Street) where the FS asserts that all the
solids are due to CSOs, City's evaluation shows that less than 20 % of the solids
can be attributed to the CSOs. (NYCDEP (2012), National Remedy Review
Board [NRRB] comments, page 12).
NYCDEP has elsewhere repeatedly determined that the sediment accumulation at the
head of the canal is from CSO solids and must be dredged:
Gowanus Canal’s limited capacity for exchange produces a stilling effect that
allows suspended solid materials to settle to the bottom of the waterbody.
Heavier solids and organic material discharged during wet-weather from CSOs
and stormwater have created a sediment mound near the head of the Canal.
(NYCDEP WWFP (2008), page 4-29)
The NYCDEP is committed to removing the CSO sediment mound to eliminate
the exposure of CSO sediments during low tides. (NYCDEP WWFP (2008),
page 8-13).
Gowanus Canal’s limited capacity for exchange produces a stilling effect that
allows suspended solid materials to settle to the bottom of the waterbody.
Heavier solids and organic material discharged during wet-weather from CSOs
and stormwater have created a sediment mound near the head of the Canal.
This mound becomes exposed at some points during low tide, when noxious
odors are released from the anaerobic decay of the highly organic material.
Similarly, lighter materials discharged during wet-weather or imported from
waters beyond the Canal have settled throughout the Canal. These settled
materials build up over time and need to be removed via periodic dredging to
maintain navigable depths throughout the Canal. (NYCDEP, 2008, page 4-29).
Tributary to Upper New York Bay, the estuarine Gowanus Canal system
experiences a semi-diurnal tidal cycle varying between 5 and 7 feet. There is no
freshwater inflow other than CSO and stormwater discharges during wet weather
events. The lack of freshwater inflow created a stilling effect on pollutant
discharges that allows heavy organic material and grit to settle to the bottom of
the waterbody. A sediment mound that is exposed at low tides has formed at the
head end of the canal due to historical CSO discharges. (NYCDEP Receiving
V-87
Water Quality Modeling Report – Volume 4 – Gowanus Canal. City-Wide Long
Term CSO Control Planning Project – September 2007, page 2-1.
Using labile and refractory ratios and decay rates described above total carbon
diagenesis was computed and converted to SOD and H2S flux according to
equations 4-2 and 4-3. Figure 4-5a to 4-5d depicts total carbon diagenesis and
dissolved oxygen limited SOD computed for the four calibration periods. The
plots indicate that the upper 500 feet of the Canal are most effected by outfall
solids...BOD and solids which respectively exert direct and indirect demand on
oxygen have their greatest impact in the upper reach of the Canal. The data
indicates that the CSO mound has a significant impact on water quality in the
upper reach of the canal. (Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Task 4.
3B – Gowanus Canal Modeling. December 1993, page 4-23, 4-37.)
The depth of flow in a combined sewer during normal dry weather conditions is
quite low. During rain events the combined sewer flows fuller and faster which
may flush out any solids that may have settled during dry weather…
Accumulating sediments are a major problem at the head of Gowanus Canal.
Several feet of sediment have accumulated in the canal during the past several
years and each new overflow continues to contribute new sediment. During wet
weather overflows, sediment particles enter the canal and the coarser grained
sediments settle to the bottom. Finer grained particles are transported farther
downstream. (Inner Harbor CSO Facility Planning Project – Final Draft Facilities
Planning Report. July 1993, pages 3-1 to 3-2 and 5-13.)
Notably, NYCDEP is legally obligated under its NYSDEC administrative order to dredge
the CSO sediment mound at the head of the canal. This work, to be conducted at an
estimated cost ranging from $8.5 - 21.4 million (depending on bulkhead replacement
costs), has been attributed by NYCDEP to CSO sedimentation, rather than harbor
solids (NYCDEP WWFP (2008), pages 8-5 to 8-6).
NYCDEP suggests that two active junkyards are additional potential metals sources.
However, NYCDEP provides no data or rationale to support an assertion that these
active junkyards are meaningful additional sources of metals to surface sediments in the
upper reach of the canal, as compared to NYCDEP’s estimate of 377 million gallons per
modeled year of CSO discharges. The scrap metal facilities in question are located at
the 4th Street basin and immediately north of Hamilton Avenue. The sediment surface
and coring data for metals do not exhibit a pattern of concentration and diffusion which
would be expected if these scrap yards were a source impacting the upper canal reach.
Comment #139: NYCDEP asserts that its analysis of metals data indicates an additional
source of lead in the upper canal.
Response #139: NYCDEP’s conclusion is based on the comparison of average lead
concentrations in CSOs and surface sediments and does not take into account the
variability in the data. The ranges of lead concentrations measured in CSOs by the
V-88
EPA (74 to 2086 mg/kg) and NYCDEP (127 to 940 mg/kg) overlap with the range
measured in surface sediment in the upper canal (201 to 776 mg/kg, excluding the
unusually high lead concentration measured in the sample collected near 2nd Street
[4220 mg/kg]).
Fecal Coliform
Comment #140: NYCDEP asserts that the presence of fecal coliform in the surface
sediments does not indicate that these sediments are derived exclusively from CSOs.
Response#140: The Proposed Plan does not state that sediments in the upper canal
are derived exclusively from CSOs, but rather that the presence of fecal coliform in the
upper portion of the canal, where most of the CSOs are located, confirms that the CSO
discharges contribute significantly to the formation of the top surface layer of sediment.
As noted above, however, NYCDEP’s modeled rate of CSO sediment/harbor sediment
settling is at a rate of 50/1, not 20/80, as NYCDEP has suggested since 2012.
Again, NYCDEP’s data is consistent with the EPA’s findings. Fecal coliform data for the
period from 1984 to 1998 are presented in NYCDEP’s WWFP (NYCDEP, 2008), which
describes the trend as generally decreasing from the head of the canal downstream
toward Gowanus Bay. The fecal coliform data summarized in the CSO Impacts section
of the FS report addendum confirm this trend. The WWFP also states that for the
baseline condition, “CSOs dominate the loadings of . . . total coliform bacteria to
Gowanus Canal . . . CSOs were estimated to contribute 99 percent of the baseline
load of total and fecal coliform, while stormwater contributes 1 percent.” The high levels
of fecal coliform measured in surface sediments in the upper reach of the canal are
virtually certain to be attributable to CSOs.
Volume of Solids from Combined Sewer Overflow Discharges
Comment #141: NYCDEP asserts that the net annual sediment volume change in the
upper canal is estimated to be 675 metric tons of solids per year based on bathymetric
differences between 2003 and 2010. The average CSO solids load to the upper canal
is estimated at 95 metric tons of solids per year. By inference, the harbor solids are
likely the most significant contributor to the net accumulation of solids in the Upper
canal.
In a related manner, NYCDEP asserts that the EPA fails to acknowledge the uncertainty
in its bathymetric analysis and interpretation, resulting in insufficient understanding of
sediment transport:
From sediment transport science, the suggestion that sediments eroded from
areas near the Flushing Tunnel exit would quickly resettle downstream is without
merit. If the water velocity were sufficient to scour the sediments 100 feet or more
from the Tunnel outlet, it would also have been sufficient to distribute those
sediments throughout the Canal and possibly out to the harbor. Fine grained
sediments, which constitute the vast majority of surface sediments in the Canal,
require a high shear stress (and high flow velocity) to be re-suspended due to
V-89
their inter-particle attraction.” (NYCDEP Proposed Plan comment #3.6, page
29.)
Response #141: Even before the canal was constructed, the historical record shows
that there was concern that the lack of tidal exchange would result in the canal being a
stagnant, polluted waterway. The 1849 state legislation which authorized the City of
Brooklyn to construct, own and operate the canal provided for a basin at the head of the
canal, part of a conceptual flushing reservoir and “a sufficient number of self-acting
flushing gates to keep the said canal clean and healthy...” See Chapter 79 of the Laws
of 1849, Sections 2 and 3. Despite the known risk, no preventative infrastructure was
incorporated into the canal as built. By 1877, the canal was declared a nuisance by the
same municipal authorities, NYCDEP of Brooklyn, predecessor-in-interest to NYCDEP
of New York, which oversaw its construction. The next series of “improvements”
consisted of adding more sewage lines in order to increase flow. This approach failed
for obvious reasons, while contributing sediments which likely still remain in part, given
the limited dredging which has occurred historically. (See Hunter Research, Inc. Final
Report National Register of Historic Places Eligibility Evaluation and Cultural Resources
Assessment for the Gowanus Canal , Borough of Brooklyn, Kings County, New York in
Connection with the Proposed Ecosystem Restoration Study. Prepared by Hunter
Research, Rabner Associates and Northern Ecological Associates, December 2004.)
The Flushing Tunnel, a fairly unique municipal engineering endeavor, was completed in
1911 for the specific purpose of ameliorating the conditions which directly result from
the lack of tidal exchange. The Flushing Tunnel is currently undergoing renovation to
increase its flow as part of a project costing approximately $150 million. The next
phase of this project is the dredging of the upper canal to remove CSO sediments, for
which NYCDEP has submitted permit application documents. The origin of these
sediments–the CSOs--and the need to remove them has been established in repeated
NYCDEP reports, submitted to and approved by New York State, since at least 1983
(see WWFP, pages 5-15 to 5-27). The cost of this dredging is estimated to be $8. 5 -
21. 4 million, depending on bulkhead replacement costs. (NYCDEP, 2008, pages 8-5 to
8-6).
In addition to CSO solids references cited in Response #138, above, NYCDEP’s
February 2012 Environmental Dredging Permit Application describes the upper canal
sediments mounds:
The currently proposed DEP dredging project was developed to dredge CSO-
impacted sediments; it was not intended to address the more extensive sediment
contamination discussed in the USEPA’s RI related to PAHs, PCBs, metals, and
other toxic contaminants. (NYCDEP, 2012, Environmental Assessment, page 1.)
The application acknowledges that CSO-impacted sediments will continue to be a
problem:
Shallower dredging would either not remove sediment mounds currently exposed
at low tide or would result in an earlier recurrence of exposed sediments due to
ongoing CSO discharges. (NYCDEP, 2012, Joint Application, page 7.)
V-90
The application further states that dredging of such CSO sediments is needed from the
head of the Gowanus Canal and from several other waterways in NYC:
[NYCDEP] is required to conduct environmental dredging at several tributaries
within the City of New York to remove combined sewer overflow (CSO) mounds
that contribute to nuisance odors and dissolved oxygen deficits at the head end
of these tributaries. (NYCDEP, 2012, Essential Fish Habitat Assessment
Citywide Dredging Engineering Design Contract Services, page 1.)
NYCDEP’s June 2013 PlaNYC Progress Report (NYCDEP (2013), page 64) reports on
progress on CSO dredging at the canal and the other CSO-impacted waterways.
Similarly, the NYCDEP Commissioner’s July 12, 2013 and August 5, 2013 letters to
NYSDEC identifies the canal sediment mound work as the “CSO dredge project” in
providing an updated status regarding its progress and NYCDEP’s desire to avoid
unnecessary costs and interference with the anticipated CERCLA dredging.
NYCDEP’s position, that “deposition on the post-remediation cap surface will be
comprised of solids from a number of sources, with the majority coming from Upper
New York Bay, as is now the case via tidal action” (NYCDEP 2012, NRRB, page 4) not
only contradicts facts first established in the mid-1800s, but would show that NYCDEP
is currently expending almost $200 million to resolve a problem – lack of tidal exchange
– which its public comments state does not exist.
Addressing NYCDEP’s assertions more specifically, the two mass estimates derived by
NYCDEP are not directly comparable. The mass estimate based on bathymetric
differences between 2003 and 2010 is based on direct field measurements. The mass
estimate based on the average CSO solids load to the canal is based on a water quality
model that was not calibrated or validated for suspended solids (NYCDEP, 2007).
Additionally, the modeled annual CSO discharge to the upper canal used in NYCDEP’s
calculations (95 metric tons) represents a “baseline” condition rather than current
conditions. The “baseline” condition is described in the canal WWFP report as
“generally [representing] the current state of the watershed and sewer system, with
certain exceptions specifically used for planning purposes” (NYCDEP, 2008). The
baseline condition was determined using numerical models of the watershed and sewer
systems, with separate models for the Red Hook and Owl’s Head Wastewater Pollution
Control Plant service areas. The baseline condition is based on a design
meteorological condition (calendar year 1988), and the exceptions used for planning
purposes are described by NYCDEP as assuming an estimated future sanitary flow for
the year 2045, past wastewater treatment and pumping capacities, and sedimentation
levels in sewers associated with reasonable maintenance. An unspecified level of
uncertainty is associated with each of the parameters used in the models to determine
the baseline condition. NYCDEP does not discuss the uncertainty associated with its
estimate of the annual CSO solids load for the baseline condition, and it is not known
whether NYCDEP’s TSS annual load calculations to the canal are a reasonable
approximation of current conditions.
NYCDEP’s conclusion that harbor solids are likely the most significant contributor to the
net accumulation of solids in the upper canal is contrary to the data and assumptions
V-91
used as the basis for the water quality model developed for the Inner Harbor CSO
Facility Planning Project and subsequent WWFP. The 1993 modeling report (NYCDEP,
1993) states:
Total suspended solids are a critical component of the modeling framework since
CSOs contribute significant amounts of solids that settle to the bed producing an
oxygen demand in the canal. Two solids systems are modeled: background and
outfall. The reason for this is that background solids concentrations are similar
throughout the canal while outfall solids concentrations vary depending on outfall
locations. In addition background solids settle slowly while outfall solids settle
more quickly thereby having a greater flux to the sediment.
The 2007 modeling report compares water quality conditions before and after
reactivation of the Flushing Tunnel in 1999 (NYCDEP, 2007). While noting
improvements in bacteria and dissolved oxygen levels, changes in sedimentation
patterns were either not evaluated or not reported. The reintroduction of Flushing
Tunnel flow (with suspended sediment from the harbor) apparently did not affect
NYCDEP’s assessment of impacts from CSO solids or modeling of TSS impacts:
In summary, CSOs and stormwater discharges are primary causes of periodic
waterbody use impairments. Discharges of TSS, BOD, settleable solids, and
floatables induce nuisance conditions in the upper reaches of the canal and to a
lesser extent near the mouth of the canal. These nuisance conditions include
odors and depressed dissolved oxygen in the water column that reaches anoxic
conditions in summertime due to BOD and sediment oxygen demand, which is
sustained by CSO settleable solids discharges.
The updated model separated TSS into outfall and background components “to
distinguish between the heavier, more-settleable solids discharged from sewers and the
lighter, less settleable solids suspended in receiving waters. A constant settling rate of
50.0 ft/day was used for sewer-outfall solids, while a settling rate of 1. 0 ft/day was used
for the background (receiving-water) solids.” (NYCDEP, 2007, page 4-32).
The disparity in these outfall rates is also relevant to NYCDEP Proposed Plan comment
#3.6 citation, quoted above. As noted previously, NYCDEP described the surface
sediments as such:
Historical discharges by CSOs and stormwater have impacted almost the entire
Canal bottom, which can be described as “black mayonnaise” - a dark, black
material containing large amounts of organic matter and a low percentage of
solids. This is most predominately observed upstream of Hamilton Avenue.
(NYCDEP, 2008, page 4-30).
The physical properties of the surface sediments closest to outfall RH-034, which led to
the creation of an extensive CSO sediment mound, also dictate that these sediments, if
re-suspended, would tend to fall out quickly as Flushing Tunnel velocities diminish,
consistent with the EPA’s transport analysis.
In response to NYSDEC questions regarding sediment transport created by the original
reactiviation of the Flushing Tunnel, NYCDEP’s 1994 observations on transport
conditions are generally consistent with the EPA’s analysis:
V-92
Velocities anticipated at the Gowanus end of the Flushing Tunnel will be
approximately 4.0 feet/second. After passing through the inlet/outlet structure,
which increases in width from 12' to 50,' and upon entering the Gowanus Canal
whichis 100' wide the velocity of the water coming from the Flushing Tunnel will
drop significantly to approximately 1.5 feet/second. Based on observations that a
velocity of 3.5 feet/second or greater is required to resuspend deposited solids
(Tchobanoglous, 1981), it is estimated that only very fine particles from the top 3
to 5 millimeters of a standard muddy sediment may be resuspended and that the
displacement of any resuspended material can be measured in terms of
hundreds of feet (i.e., less than 500 feet) downstream before it is redeposited to
the bottom.
The effects of the resuspension of particles due to the reactivation of the
Flushing Tunnel would be similar to existing conditions at the head end of the
canal due to the existing combined sewer overflows (CSOs). Bathymetric
surveys of the head end of the Gowanus Canal indicated that the CSOs cause
sediment mounding to occur for a maximum distance of approximately 500 feet
down the canal. Similarly, any sediment resuspended at the head of Gowanus
Canal due to the reactivation of the Flushing Tunnel will remain within the head
end of the canal and most likely resettle to the bottom before reaching the Union
Street Bridge. Unlike the irregular discharge from CSOs, the effects of
resuspension from the reactivation of the Flushing Tunnel will occur only within
the first few months of its operation after which time the particles will settle and
re-establish their location within the head end of the canal. NYCDEP Permit
Application documents relating to implementation Inner Harbor CSO Facility
Planning Project, page 10, DEP_P_SEW_00065355.pdf
That analysis also appears consistent with information set forth in NYCDEP’s dredging
application (NYCDEP, 2012). NYCDEP submitted this permit to implement an
additional element of the 2008 WWFP. The WWFP called for dredging 750 feet of the
CSO sediment mound which extends from the RH-034 outfall. NYCDEP’s permit
application extended the dredging length to 825 feet based on updated bathymetry data
from the EPA (2010) and NYCDEP (2011). After dredging the upper layer of CSO
sediments, NYCDEP proposes a clean sand cap to cover the remaining accumulated
contaminated canal sediments. To protect against cap scour from the Flushing Tunnel
and outfall RH-034, NYCDEP’s permit calls for the installation of 200 feet of cabled
concrete block mat system. (See NYCDEP, 2012, Joint Application for Permit, page 8).
The proposed length of the scour protection system is not inconsistent with the EPA’s
bathymetric or sediment transport analysis.
It should be noted that the WWFP acknowledges that solids associated with CSO
events will continue to be discharged to the canal following implementation of the
current upgrades. In response, the WWFP Modeling Report includes an analysis which
suggests that the upgraded Flushing Tunnel will disperse the solids more evenly
throughout the canal and into the harbor than in the past:
With respect to settleable solids, analyses of the projected sedimentation of
settleable solids indicate that a significant reduction in sedimentation and the
V-93
accumulation of sediment at the bottom of the canal can be expected, particularly
for the areas located near the head of Gowanus Canal (in the vicinity of the RH-
034 outfall and the outlet of the Gowanus Canal Flushing Tunnel.) The reduction
of sedimentation can be attributed to a combination of factors. The reduction in
discharged CSO volumes will also decrease the amount of settleable solids
discharged into the canal. In addition, the flushing action of the upgraded
Gowanus Canal Flushing Tunnel will increase horizontal velocity profiles and will
thereby help to reduce settling in the canal itself. The resulting transport of solids
will result in a more even distribution of settleable solids within the Canal and Bay
and will also help to transport solids into the open waters beyond the assessment
area. (NYCDEP, 2007, page 5-19.)
The associated figure from this modeling report excerpt depicts a sediment mound,
under current modeled conditions, extending 1,000 feet from RH 034:
The WWFP similarly states:
According to the modeling analysis, reactivating the Flushing Tunnel would
deliver Upper New York Bay water to the Canal and would not only supply higher
dissolved oxygen concentrations but would also improve the Canal’s assimilative
capacity for pollutant discharges by enhancing circulation and exchange with the
V-94
Gowanus Bay boundary. The artificial circulation would provide for a flushing
action that would help to minimize sedimentation near the head of the Canal.
(NYCDEP, 2009, page 4-44.)
The suggestion that widespread dispersion of outfall solids will occur, rather than more
limited fine particle transport, is inconsistent with the settling rates reported by NYCDEP
and its 1994 permit application responses to NYSDEC. Nevertheless, in conducting this
analysis and describing future operations, the WWFP has effectively memorialized the
historic role of the canal, which is owned and operated by NYC, as an extension of its
sewer system. The canal, particularly the upper canal, has and will continue to function
as a sewage retention basin in the absence of additional contaminated CSO solids
controls. In contrast to other typical urban water bodies with CSO discharges, the canal
is effectively a managed sewage solids disposal unit.
Comment #142: NYCDEP noted that it developed an empirical mass balance based on
the enrichment of various chemicals relative to aluminum and assuming that CSOs and
harbor solids were the only sources of the solids and the chemicals. NYCDEP indicated
that none of the hypothetical mixing scenarios could account for the observed
contaminant mix in upper canal surface sediments.
Response #142: The fact that a mass balance could not account for all of the surface
sediment contamination in the upper canal is not surprising, given the uncertainty
associated with the sample data, the use of averages to represent CSO and harbor
inputs and the complex and continually changing site conditions (e.g., changes over
time in weather conditions, CSO discharge volumes, chemical concentrations in CSO
discharges, Flushing Tunnel operations, contributions from other sources, etc.).
Additionally, NYCDEP did not provide a full description of the methods that were used
or a discussion and verification of the assumptions in the underlying methods.
Again, NYCDEP’s comments are contrary to its CWA-related reports. The WWFP not
only recognized the need to dredge previously discharged CSO sediment mounds, but
also the expense of future maintenance dredging for continued solids discharge, in the
absence of CSO controls, stating:
Dredging would be conducted as an alternative to structural CSO controls such
as storage. Bottom water conditions between dredging operations would likely
not comply with dissolved oxygen standards and bottom habitat would degrade
following each dredging. This technology allows CSO settleable solids to exit the
sewer system and settle in the waterbody generally immediately downstream of
the outfall, but without regular or periodic dredging, such mounds can extend a
thousand feet or more. (NYCDEP, 2008, page 7-25.)
NYCDEP’s October 2012 Engineering Feasibility Report regarding CSO solids controls,
submitted to the State at NYSDEC’s request, estimated that maintenance dredging,
following either the planned removal of the CSO mounds or implementation of the
Superfund dredging remedy, would cost $4 million every 5 years, while still degrading
water quality, as acknowledged above. (NYCDEP, 2012, pages 3 and 14 and Table 1).
The EPA believes that directing those funds to capital investment to avoid repeated
V-95
multi-million dollar maintenance costs would produce greater benefits than continued
use of the canal as a sewage retention basin.
Radioisotope Profiles in Sediment Cores
Comment #143: NYCDEP asserts that the radionuclide profiles obtained by National
Grid do not indicate a high degree of disturbance from CSOs in the canal. Specifically,
NYCDEP comments that the radionuclide (cesium-137 and lead-210) profiles in cores
collected by National Grid in the upper reach of the canal are typical of profiles obtained
elsewhere in the harbor (i.e., Newark Bay) and, thus, are indicative of typical sediment
accumulation processes rather than episodic disturbances. NYCDEP contends that the
lead-210 profiles are not interpretable, because they show no decline over time, similar
to the lead-210 profiles in cores collected in Newark Bay.
NYCDEP also comments that the cesium-137 profiles in cores from the upper reach of
the canal are indicative of “typical sediment accumulation processes” and do not show
evidence of CSO-related disturbances.
Response #143: The canal infrastructure has been subject to a series of on-going
changes. Until 1987, for example, when the Red Hook wastewater treatment plant
(WWTP) came on-line, dry weather discharge from outfalls in the Red Hook system,
such as RH-034, were continuous, at a rate of at least 15 million gallons per day (MGD),
with wet and dry weather discharges totaling 21 MGD. (NYCDEP, 1983, pages 2-9 to
2-10, 2-32). In a similar manner, a pump station was not installed near OH-007 until
1990, such that sewage generated in the vicinity of the outfall discharged to the canal.
(NYCDEP, 2008, page 3-17). In 1999, the Flushing Tunnel was restarted. As a result
of such infrastructure changes, as well as vessel movement, storms and other re-
suspension causes, it is unlikely that ideal profiles would be found consistently. Despite
this, the lead-210 profiles in cores collected in the 4th Street and 6th Street turning
basins, which are in relatively undisturbed areas of the Gowanus Canal, do resemble
the ideal profile of exponential decline with depth (see Figure 6-5b of the Gowanus
Canal RI report). The nature of a CSO discharge is visually evident after a large storm
(as seen in the photograph of a CSO discharge in Figure 2 of the CSO Impacts section
of the FS report addendum) and sand layers indicative of CSO deposition are evident in
boring logs for sediment cores collected by the EPA and National Grid upstream of the
area between DeGraw and Douglass Streets. Based on the multiple lines of evidence
available, including those discussed above, there can be no serious dispute that the
CSOs have been an ongoing source of solids and contaminant discharge to the canal
from its construction to the present.
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Composition
Comment #144: The CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum included several
representative high resolution hydrocarbon fingerprints of sediments from the upper
reach of the canal and associated interpretations from a 2007 report prepared by
NewFields for National Grid (NewFields, 2007) to demonstrate that the surface
sediments were not predominately affected by contamination from the former MGP
V-96
facilities. NYCDEP notes that the NewFields data set is of poor quality because it did
not analyze field duplicate, field blank, equipment blank, or trip blank samples.
Response #144: The samples were collected by National Grid in accordance with a
work plan approved by NYSDEC. Appendix G of “Draft Remedial Investigation
Technical Report, Gowanus Canal (GEI, 2007) provides the data usability summary
report. Field duplicates and field blanks were analyzed for all chemical constituents
including SVOCs, and trip blanks were analyzed for VOCs. The samples selected for
forensic analysis were a subset of the core samples collected for the full suite of
chemical analyses. Although the field quality control samples did not undergo forensic
analysis, the SVOC results did not indicate any systematic pattern of contamination
indicative of improperly cleaned equipment or poor sampling techniques. The EPA’s
consideration of the NewFields data set is simply one of multiple lines of evidence.
Comment #145: NYCDEP notes that both NewFields and the EPA arbitrarily selected a
limited number of samples to draw their respective conclusions that CSOs contribute
the bulk of PAHs to the shallow sediments in the canal.
Response #145: The EPA only reviewed the hydrocarbon fingerprints for samples
collected from the top two feet of sediment in the upper reach of the canal because this
sediment layer was the focus of the CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum.
Representative chromatograms indicative of coal tar in the native sediment were
provided for comparison only. Additional hydrocarbon fingerprints for shallow
sediments in the upper reach of the canal that were provided by National Grid in its
comments on the Proposed Plan are consistent with the NewFields samples Namely,
the PAH mixtures in the samples vary by location, and include both petrogenic and
pyrogenic components. It should be noted that the EPA has placed an equal emphasis
on the need to control major sources. Based on preliminary cost estimates, the total
cost of the former MGP facility cleanups is estimated to be $500-600 million. The EPA’s
estimate of the cost of CSO retention tanks is $78 million.
Comment #146: NYCDEP notes that there is an uneven application of the assignment
of unresolved complex mixture (UCM) to the chromatograms used for illustration
purposes in the NewFields report.
Response #146: Once the baseline begins to rise (which is directly proportional to the
temperature of the oven/column during analysis), it does not tend to decrease. Any
signal above the highest point of the baseline at the end of the analysis can be
considered part of UCM. Both the chromatograms (reproduced in the CSO Impacts
section of the FS report addendum) show the presence of a UCM above the baseline
rise.
Comment #147: NYCDEP comments that the EPA should not attribute the presence of
petrogenic (petroleum-based) PAHs in the shallow sediments primarily to urban runoff
associated with CSOs.
Response #147: In the CSO Impacts section of the FS report addendum, the EPA
stated that unresolved complex mixtures with multiple sources of PAHs are consistent
with impacts from urban runoff in CSO discharges. This is a reasonable conclusion
given the urbanized setting and fact that the entire upper canal is replete with CSO
V-97
discharge points. The Gowanus Canal was listed on New York State’s Section 303(d)
List of Impaired Waters Requiring a Total Maximum Daily Load in 2007; the listed cause
of the impairment was “dissolved oxygen/oxygen demand,” and the listed sources of
oxygen demand were urban runoff, storm sewers and CSOs (NYCDEP, 2008). As
noted previously, the WWFP also indicates:
Wet-weather discharges from a combined sewer system contain a mixture of
sanitary sewage and urban runoff that is significantly stronger in pollutant
concentrations than natural runoff. These pollutants include coliform bacteria,
oxygen-demanding materials, suspended and settleable solids, floatables, oil and
grease, and others. (NYCDEP WWFP (2008), page 3-32).
Comment #148: NYCDEP commented critically on various other data analyses in the
NewFields report (i.e., diagnostic PAH ratio analysis, mixing model).
Response #148: Since the noted data analyses were not reviewed or used by the EPA
in the development of the FS report addendum or Proposed Plan, these comments will
not be addressed here.
Combined Sewer Overflow Contribute Variety of Hazardous Substances to
Sediment
Comment #149: National Grid commented that the results of sampling that it conducted
show that continuing discharges from the CSOs pose an ongoing risk to both human
health and the environment and that the proposed reductions will not eliminate canal
recontamination.
Response #149: National Grid collected sediment cores from a depth of 0 to 4 feet
below the sediment surface in the vicinity of the CSO outfalls in 2012 and analyzed
sediment samples for a variety of constituents. The sediment samples contained a
range of contaminants, including PAHs, PCBs, metals, pathogens and PPCPs. The
EPA agrees that the CSOs continue to discharge a variety of chemical and biological
contaminants to the canal. The data collected by the EPA and others are sufficient to
establish that CSO reductions are necessary to address unacceptable risks and prevent
recontamination of the canal after the remedy is implemented. Although pathogens and
PPCPs were not considered for CERCLA risk assessment purposes, the presence of
these constituents indicates that substances discharged by CSOs persist and
accumulate in canal sediments. The preliminary estimates of CSO solids reductions
that were provided in the Proposed Plan (58 to 74 percent) were based on the
information available at the time. These estimates will be refined during remedial
design as additional information is gathered.
Combined Sewer Overflow Solids
Comment #150: The PRP Group noted that the Proposed Plan did not define the term
“shallow sediment” in the section titled “Solids Impacts from Combined Sewer
Overflows.”
V-98
Response #150: “Shallow sediments” in the upper reach of the canal refers to the 0-2
foot depth interval. The Proposed Plan reported that a high TOC content of about 6
percent is evidence that the 0-2 foot interval of sediment in the upper reach of the canal
is dominated by CSO loading. However, Table 2 reports that soft sediments throughout
the canal have a substantially higher TOC average of 11.9 percent as a result of the
contribution of NAPL contamination in sediments adjacent to the former MGP facilities.
Comment #151: The PRP Group noted that the Proposed Plan reported that PAH,
copper and lead concentrations are similar in surface sediments from the upper reach of
the canal and in CSO solids. The commenter notes that aluminum and iron are
mentioned in this section, but their likely sources are not identified.
Response #151: Iron and aluminum are not enriched in canal surface sediments or
CSO solids relative to sediments from Upper New York Bay and Gowanus Bay (with a
few localized exceptions). Therefore, the iron and aluminum in sediments and CSO
solids are naturally-occurring components of the mineral matrix. CSO impacts cannot
be identified based on analysis of iron and aluminum content alone.
Combined Sewer Overflow Challenges and Investment
Comment #152: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA’s approach to controlling CSO
discharges to the canal does not adequately address the challenges and the investment
required for these controls to be effective. Additional items that NYCDEP suggested
should be considered include:
 Ongoing control measures.
 Impacts associated with locating large tanks in a highly urbanized area.
 Complexities of constructing and operating two multi-million gallon CSO retention
tanks.
Response #152: The EPA recognizes the challenges associated with implementing
contaminated CSO solids controls in the urbanized canal area and NYCDEP’s
investment in improving water quality through a variety projects, including an upgrade of
the Flushing Tunnel. While NYCDEP’s current and planned projects will have a positive
impact on water quality, such as dissolved oxygen levels in the canal, these projects will
have limited effect on the CSO discharges that settle in the canal. Contaminated CSO
solids controls are a critical element in achieving the CERCLA objectives of the remedy
and ensuring its overall success and sustainability.
Evaluation of Combined Sewer Overflow Controls
Comment#153: With respect to the CSO controls, NYCDEP asserts that the EPA did
not identify the Applicable and Relevant and Appropriate Requirements (ARARs) for the
CSO measures evaluated in the FS Addendum Report, and failed to provide a detailed
evaluation of the alternatives.
V-99
Response #153: In a June 28, 2012 letter to NYCDEP, NYSDEC identified eight
possible options that might be effective in addressing solids from CSOs and suggested
that NYCDEP evaluate them. The eight options were:
 Optimizing existing sedimentation trap at outfall OH-007.
 Improved maintenance program at the outfall OH-007 sediment trap.
 Installation of silt curtains and/or netting facilities at all CSO outfalls discharging to
the canal.
 Yearly monitoring of CSO solids deposition in the canal.
 Development of metrics for maintenance dredging of CSO solids in the canal.
 Additional regular sewer cleaning in the drainage area.
 Engineering evaluation of an interim or permanent sedimentation trap at outfall RH-
034.
 Advance NYCDEP’s dredging of CSO mounds at the head end of the canal to
comply with the CSO Order on Consent, while seeking synergetic opportunities to
advance the demonstration and development of remedial design protocols for
dredging, dewatering, disposal, stabilization and capping pursuant to the Superfund
program.
NYCDEP completed this evaluation (Evaluation of Possible Measures for CSO Solids
Control, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, October 3 2012). In
parallel, the EPA evaluated possible options identified by NYSDEC and added CSO
retention tanks. The results of the EPA’s evaluation were presented in the CSO
Impacts section of the FS report addendum. The evaluation utilized a comparative
ranking system from 1 to 4 (1 being the poorest and 4 being the highest) to identify the
source control option that would be most effective. The results of the EPA’s source
control evaluation were as follows:
 The trap chamber at OH-007 could serve as an auxiliary/temporary CSO measure
for OH-007, but not for RH-034 at the head of the canal (effectiveness ranking 2).
 Maintenance dredging will not facilitate CSO solids reduction but is a feasible
technology (effectiveness ranking 2).
 CSO retention tanks will reduce the CSO solids discharged to the canal for both RH-
034 and OH-007 (effectiveness ranking 4).
V-100
Below-ground retention tanks, the contaminated CSO solids controls presented in the
FS report addendum and in the Proposed Plan, are an established technology for
controlling CSO discharges. Regarding the siting of these storage facilities, the EPA
has made a number of suggestions to NYCDEP that include innovative strategies, such
as using the Flushing Tunnel for CSO storage or burying CSO storage retention tanks
underneath the canal in RTA 1. The EPA’s long-term objective for the canal, following
the creation of a clean bottom surface after remedy implementation, is the prevention of
recontamination of this clean surface. A recent report by a committee from the EPA and
state agencies (ASTSWMO, 2013) noted that “recontamination and source control are
important issues for consideration when planning, remediating and monitoring
contaminated sediment sites.” The document further notes “Recontamination and
source control are emerging as concerns at a number of contaminated sediment sites
where remediation has been completed.”
The EPA believes that the documents which are part of the remedy selection process
provided sufficient detail with respect to the contaminated CSO solids controls for
meaningful public comment. CSO solids controls were evaluated by multiple reports
which were available as part of the Administrative Record during the comment period,
including the FFWP, NYCDEP’s October 2012 CSO Control Engineering Feasibility
Report and the FS report addendum and Proposed Plan.
The FS report lists the ARARs for the remedy, categorized into three areas: chemical-
specific, action specific and location-specific. The EPA believes that the ARARs list
incorporates all of the necessary regulatory requirements for the range of contaminated
CSO solids controls considered. It should be noted that CSO solids reduction will result
in a decrease in discharges which currently occur, as opposed to a new discharge point,
such as water treatment for decanted sediment water, one of various categories listed in
the ARARs table. Similarly, a CSO retention tank in particular will result in material
which is currently released to the canal in being handled at a wastewater treatment
plant under NYCDEP’s standard treatment process. No ARAR evaluation is necessary
for sending the sewage to the existing treatment plants for proper handling.
Although the NYCDEP comments do not specify any ARARs (aside from the potential
alienation of parkland), which should have been considered but were not identified, the
selected remedy is required to comply with applicable regulations.25 During the remedial
design process, the list of ARARs will be updated as necessary to ensure proper
compliance.
Comment #154: NYCDEP asserts that CSO controls were not evaluated using the nine
NCP criteria for remedy selection.
25 If it is determined that parkland is affected in a manner which requires regulatory compliance,
such compliance will occur. A determination will be required as to whether work being
performed to remediate a NYC-owned property which is part of both state and federal
Superfund sites constitutes alienation of parkland.
V-101
Response #154: In the Proposed Plan and ROD, the EPA evaluated the implementation
of contaminated CSO solids controls in the upper portion of the canal as part of the
overall remedy using the NCP evaluation criteria.
Uncertainty Regarding Combined Sewer Overflow Volume Reduction Required
Comment #155: NYCDEP expressed concern about the uncertainty related to the CSO
volume reduction required.
Response #155: The toxicity test data indicate that the surface sediments in the upper
reach of the canal, which is the reach most heavily influenced by CSO solids, are toxic
relative to reference stations in Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay, which
establishes the need for remedial action. The CSO sample data collected by the EPA
and NYCDEP indicate that PAHs are present in CSO discharges at levels that could
lead to the recontamination of surface sediments to levels that exceed the PRG. The
CSOs also discharge metals and PCBs to the canal.
Following the implementation of the remedy, the anthropogenic background level of
PAHs in surface sediment will depend on the level of CSO reductions. Storm sewers
and direct runoff drain only two percent and six percent, respectively, of the canal
watershed and are, therefore, considered minor contributions. See the WWFP. The
goal of the contaminated CSO solids controls is to reduce the contribution of CSO solids
so that the average total PAH concentration in Gowanus Canal surface sediments after
remediation does not exceed 20 mg/kg.
The improvements that are being implemented under NYCDEP’s Gowanus Canal
WWFP will achieve an overall 34 percent reduction in CSO discharge volume.
Additional reductions through limited sewer separation and green infrastructure are
planned by NYCDEP to be achieved over time. No CSO reductions are planned by
NYCDEP for the upper reach of the canal at RH-034; in fact, CSO discharges at RH-
034 will increase by approximately five percent after the current improvements are
completed. Preliminary estimates of CSO solids reductions needed to the upper and
middle reaches of the canal to meet the RAOs were presented in the FS report
addendum and range between 58 to 74 percent. Therefore, CSO solids reductions to
reduce hazardous substance loading, beyond those currently planned by NYCDEP for
CWA compliance, will be required to meet the objectives of the CERCLA remedy.
Annual Combined Sewer Overflow Volume Capture Compliance with Clean Water
Act and Combined Sewer Overflow Control Policy
Comment #156: National Grid and the PRP Group assert that the maximum achievable
CSO reductions must be achieved before the remedy is implemented. The extent of
CSO reductions should be carefully evaluated. The commenters also suggested that
the EPA consider using the 85% capture of the annual CSO volume as a discharge
volume criteria, which is the standard set forth in the EPA’s CSO policy under the CWA.
The commenters also noted:
V-102
 Even if NYCDEP is successful in reaching its estimated reductions as a result of
its Flushing Tunnel-related upgrades, the CSOs will continue to contribute 66%
of current loadings into the canal and the remedy will not be sustainable.
 Planned development in the area has the potential to increase sewage flows
further and it is unclear whether such projects have been incorporated into the
projected 34% reduction of CSO discharges.
Response #156: The 85% volumetric capture metric is applied in the presumptive
approach to CSO controls in the CSO Control Policy. However, a CSO discharger such
as NYCDEP may choose to follow the CSO Control Policy’s demonstrative approach to
controls. Ultimately, the discharger is required to not impair fishable/swimmable water
quality conditions. The conditions which exist in the canal today do not comply with the
CWA; NYCDEP is implementing improvements as part of the WWFP to move toward
compliance. NYCDEP is applying the demonstrative approach with an adaptive
management component to improve water quality conditions via its CSO Consent Order
with the State of New York. However, sediment quality in the canal needs to be
addressed, as well, in order to achieve the CERCLA objectives for canal sediments and
contaminated CSO solids controls are needed to reduce the discharge of CSO solids.
The CERCLA objectives are based on avoiding recontamination that would result in
remedy failure, rather than being based on dissolved oxygen levels for fish populations
and pathogen levels. While the EPA anticipates that implementation of the required
CSO solids controls will lead to improved CWA compliance, a separate assessment of
such CWA compliance will be performed by NYCDEP as part of the LTCP process.
Flooding
Comment #157: NYCDEP stated that the remedy must not exacerbate flooding in the
canal, including through impacts of adsorption of NAPL by the active layer of the
engineered cap.
Response #157: In general, flooding within the Gowanus area is highly dominated by
the low lying, level topography of the former wetlands area, and its urbanized, highly
impervious nature. As a result, the selected remedy will have only marginal impacts.
Implementation of the selected remedy may provide slight increases in capacity of the
canal to handle flooding under certain conditions with restoration of deeper canal levels
and as a result of restoration of the 1st Street basin. The volume between the bank
height and pre-flood water level will provide some extra flood capacity. Providing
contaminated CSO solids controls through retention tanks will also help alleviate
flooding conditions during storms, including the sewage component.
Impermeable sheet pile barriers were selected in the FS as the representative option for
bank-stability related bulkhead work along the canal during the implementation of the
remedy. In areas of low groundwater discharge, impermeable barriers may be effective
without significant groundwater mounding. Bulkheads may be made permeable, where
appropriate. On clean parcels, sheet piling may have below-grade discharge openings.
On contaminated parcels, where needed, treatment gates could be incorporated into the
V-103
bulkhead wall design to funnel groundwater through the treatment gate, allowing for
discharge of treated groundwater to the canal. In low impact areas, permeable
treatment barriers could potentially be used to absorb groundwater impacts before
discharge to the canal. These design and other design elements will be considered to
address flooding as a result of groundwater mounding.
Studies conducted by the EPA are being used to assess the potential range of
groundwater upwelling velocity into the canal. During the remedial design, the EPA
plans to utilize DTS or other technologies in a portion of the canal to better understand
the characteristics of groundwater upwelling. These data will be used to estimate
groundwater discharge locations and rates to the canal. These data will be
incorporated into the remedial design to reduce the effects of groundwater mounding
near the canal from remedy implementation.
In its comments, NYCDEP states with respect to upwelling:
If the clay swells due to adsorption of NAPL (as happens when used to treat
other contaminants) and blocks flow paths, contaminated groundwater and NAPL
could be diverted to other locations, either in the Canal or into basements, utility
corridors, or other subsurface openings around the Canal. (NYCDEP Proposed
Plan comment #9.2.a., page 60).
Elsewhere in Proposed Plan comment #9, however, NYCDEP states that “the soft
sediment… currently retards upward groundwater flow...” (NYCDEP Proposed Plan
comment #9.1, page 59). As noted previously, the contaminated CSO solids partially
adsorb NAPL. Given these current conditions, the EPA believes that the overall change
in post-remedial upwelling conditions will be much less significant than suggested. The
EPA also believes that an engineered cap can be designed to both absorb NAPL
contamination and accommodate groundwater upwelling more effectively than the
current layers of contaminated CSO solids and other accumulated soft sediments.
As noted previously, NYCDEP has submitted a CSO Sediment Mound Dredging Permit
Application. That work entails the partial dredging and capping of the northernmost 825
feet of the canal, where groundwater upwelling is the greatest. As NYCDEP’s design of
its CSO sediment dredging and capping work will present many of the same issues
regarding groundwater upwelling and sediment transport, the EPA will make itself
available to coordinate and collaborate with NYCDEP if that work proceeds separately
from the selected remedy.
Comment #158: A commenter asked what measures will be taken to prevent the
overflow of the Gowanus Canal as a result of storm events such as Superstorm Sandy?
Response #158: The remediation of the canal does not include flood prevention
measures. As noted earlier, this issue is dominated by the topography of the area,
among other factors. Minor improvements in flood capacity may be created through
implementation of the selected remedy. The most significant improvement will result
V-104
from addressing the contaminated sediments through the selected remedy, so that
when flooding occurs, the heavily-contaminated sediments that currently exist in the
canal will not be available for the storm to transport, creating potential exposure for
residents near the canal. Implementation of contaminated CSO solids controls will
reduce recontamination of the canal and reduce the CWA risk from sewage pathogens
which, depending on conditions, are discharged to the canal, into streets during
backups or transported by flooding.
Comment #159: Several commenters opined that sewer backups into homes when
there are heavy rains and storms and the flooding of the adjacent neighborhoods with
sewage during Superstorm Sandy makes resolving the CSO problem a priority.
Response #159: Although not considered for Superfund remedy selection purposes, a
screening level risk assessment for CSO pathogens that was performed by National
Grid found significant risk to child and adult recreational users and workers from CSO-
related pathogen exposure. The CSO water quality issues and impacts to the
community will be addressed independently by the LTCP. The potential impacts of
CSO discharges of toxic contaminated solids to a completed canal-bottom remedy are
addressed by the selected remedy. As noted previously, a secondary benefit of the
contaminated CSO solids controls to be implemented as part of the selected remedy will
be reductions in sewage releases and associated pathogens.
Comment #160: A commenter recommended that the dredging of the canal be delayed
two years while the circumstances of the silt and mud entering the homes and business
along the Gowanus Canal from Superstorm Sandy are assessed.
Response #160: Based on sampling conducted by the EPA, it does not appear that
material from the bottom of the canal was transported via flood waters to any significant
extent as a result of Superstorm Sandy. Under different conditions, the EPA believes
that sediment transport could potentially occur. The EPA believes that implementing
the selected remedy is the most appropriate way to reduce this exposure pathway.
Comment #161: A commenter expressed concern that since the sampling of the
sediments to determine their composition and toxicity was performed prior to
Superstorm Sandy, the data is no longer valid. Another commenter expressed concern
that the amount of contamination in the “lesser contaminated” sediments located in the
lower portion of the canal may now be higher as a result of the storm.
Response #161: The sample results from the RI show significant levels of
contamination in the canal sediments. It is unlikely that the CSO and surface
discharges to the canal during Superstorm Sandy significantly altered the toxicity of the
sediments. Contamination is present throughout the accumulated sediment, which
varies in thickness but is an average of ten feet. In addition, as was noted in the prior
response, it does not appear that material from the bottom of the canal was affected by
the flood waters to any significant extent as a result of Superstorm Sandy. Although the
contaminant levels in the lower portion of the canal are relatively less contaminated than
V-105
the very heavily contaminated upper or middle portion, the lower canal sediments still
have high contaminant levels.
Comment #162: A commenter expressed support for excavating the buried turning
basin at 1st Street to reduce flooding. Several other commenters suggested that the fill
in the 5th Street turning basin be excavated to restore as much original water holding
capacity as possible to minimize flooding in the area.
Response #162: Since the water level in the canal is influenced by the tide and the
water level in the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay, restoring the 1st and 5th
Street turning basins would not greatly increase the water holding capacity or minimize
flooding. Unless dikes are installed along the canal, as long as the areas surrounding
the canal are near sea level, they can potentially flood during storm events.
Interim Combined Sewer Overflow Controls
Comment #163: National Grid noted that the Proposed Plan recognizes that retention
tanks will take time to design and install and, therefore, proposes to use unidentified
interim CSO controls. National Grid suggested that these interim controls be identified
in the ROD.
Response #163: The Proposed Plan and ROD recognize that planning and construction
of permanent long-term contaminated CSO solids controls for the remedy may not fully
align with implementation of the remedial dredging. Despite this, the EPA’s goal is to
implement the contaminated CSO solids controls as soon as possible to minimize
interim impacts and the need to resort to interim controls.
If interim contaminated CSO solids controls are necessary, the EPA plans to work
closely with NYSDEC and NYCDEP during the remedial design to establish effective
interim CSO solids control measures to be implemented until the permanent
contaminated CSO solids controls are in place. While interim controls may be
employed, critical to the sustained long-term performance of the CERCLA remedy is the
implementation of permanent controls such as CSO retention tanks as presented in the
proposed plan.
Effectiveness and Locations of Retention Tanks
Comment #164: National Grid states that the proposed CSO controls are inadequate.
The Sediment Management Workgroup stated that while retention tanks may be an
appropriate control as a general matter, it is unclear whether they will be sufficient to
appreciably reduce the contaminant loadings to the canal from the CSOs. Community
Board 6 suggests that:
 Use of large in-line retention tanks appears to have great merit; however they
were not evaluated in detail.
V-106
 Other potential beneficial elements that would add further value to CSO controls ,
such as deodorization treatment and other possible in-vessel pre-treatment,
should be considered.
Response #164: In-line and off-line retention tanks capture combined sewer flow for
subsequent treatment. Off-line retention tanks are constructed as either flow-through
facilities where all CSO volume that would otherwise be discharged into a body of water
passes into the tank, with volumes exceeding the capacity of the tank being discharged
to receiving waters, or are constructed as surge tanks that when filled to capacity, are
shut off from the system and then opened later to dewater. Closed concrete tanks are
generally constructed below grade and provide a completely enclosed unit for the
storage of captured CSO.
NYCDEP has constructed and operates four CSO retention facilities at Spring Creek,
Flushing Creek, Paerdegat Basin and Alley Creek. Storage tanks are sized to provide
the desired level of CSO control for a particular site. Pollutant removal is achieved by
retaining the CSO in the tank then draining and treating the effluent at the wastewater
treatment plant when the storm event has passed and the tank contents can be directed
to the WWTP. The pollutant removal is achieved by the volumetric reduction of
discharges provided by the volume of the tank and the hydraulics of the system. If a
facility is a flow-through storage system that discharges, it may achieve a preliminary if
not primary level of wastewater treatment on discharges if designed to do so. Some
facilities have enhanced treatment capabilities by adding chemicals to enhance settling
of solids in the tanks and disinfection to further reduce bacteria discharges.
The two retention tanks presented in the Proposed Plan and ROD would achieve
volumetric CSO reductions by providing either in-line or off-line storage depending on
the locations and how sewer routing is designed to and from the tanks.
The two CSO retention tanks described in the Proposed Plan were conceptually
presented as being installed on NYC-owned properties to minimize the time and
expense of acquiring property. One of the tanks was conceptually presented as being
installed at the Douglass & Degraw Pool/Thomas Greene playground. This location
was identified as a possible location because the property is owned by NYC and is a
former MGP facility that will likely need to be remediated. Although a remedy for this
parcel has not yet been selected, such a remedy may potentially include excavation of
contaminated MGP-related waste beneath the pool. As an owner of this contaminated
State Superfund property, NYCDEP is also a PRP. The EPA recognizes that there may
be temporary impacts on the community during the remediation of the contamination at
the park and the construction of a CSO tank, if located there. Construction of a CSO
tank at the park would reduce uncontrolled CSO discharges which currently impact the
community.
It should be noted that NYCDEP has located its four CSO retention facilities in NYC
parks in Brooklyn and Queens. Similarly, NYCDEP is currently constructing its Croton
Water Filtration Plant at the Mosholu Golf Course in Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx.
Although such actions may have required state legislative authorization, such approvals
are routinely sought and obtained. (See, e.g., http://www.nytimes.com/
V-107
2013/07/25/nyregion/city-council-approves-tennis-stadium-plan-in-queens.html) In each
of the CSO retention tanks instances, NYCDEP has located, designed and constructed
its facilities to minimize short- and long-term impacts on the communities, if not enhance
the services it provides the communities. NYCDEP’s Flushing Creek, Paerdegat Basin
and Alley Creek facilities all provide enhanced environmental, community and
recreational benefits to their local residents.
The EPA intends to work collaboratively with NYCDEP and the State of New York to
locate the CSO storage tanks such that they will provide the most cost-effective
contaminated CSO solids controls that sustain the remedy while minimizing the cost
and impact on the local community.
Retention Tank Costs
Comment #165: NYCDEP states that the costs for CSO controls are not accurate.
NYCDEP suggests that the following items should be included:
 Several construction cost items
 Operation and maintenance (O&M)
 Property acquisition and development costs
 Permitting
 Demolition
 Soil and groundwater management costs
 Dewatering costs
 New York general contractor costs
 Health and safety costs
 Operation and maintenance equipment costs
 Site constraints
 Foundations
 Construction access
 Construction parking
Response #165: NYCDEP provided an extensive list of cost items potentially applicable
to constructing belowground retention tanks. Although the EPA agrees that these items
may be needed for a budget authorization estimate, this level of detail is not needed for
an FS cost estimate. The 2000 EPA document “A Guide to Developing and
Documenting Cost Estimates During the Feasibility Study” (EPA 540-4-00-002) states
the following (underlining added for emphasis):
While cost estimates are developed at different stages of the Superfund process
(Chapter 2), this guide specifically addresses the FS phase. Cost estimates are
developed during the FS primarily for the purpose of comparing remedial
alternatives during the remedy selection process, not for establishing project
budgets or negotiating Superfund enforcement settlements. During remedy
selection, the cost estimate of the preferred alternative is typically carried over
from the FS to the Proposed Plan for public comment.
V-108
In addition, the Association for the Advancement of Cost Engineering indicates that a
feasibility level cost estimate is considered a Class 5 estimate and can be developed
with one to two percent project definition. The following provides a description of the
Class 5 estimate:
Class 5 estimates are generally prepared based on very limited information, and
subsequently have very wide accuracy ranges. Often, little more than Proposed
Plant type, location, and capacity are known at the time of estimate preparation.
The 2000 EPA Guide further states:
At the FS stage, the design for the remedial action project is still conceptual, not
detailed, and the cost estimate is considered to be “order-of-magnitude.” The
cost engineer must make assumptions about the detailed design in order to
prepare the cost estimate. As a project progresses, the design becomes more
complete and the cost estimate becomes more “definitive,” thus increasing the
accuracy of the cost estimate.”
The EPA developed conceptual cost estimates for the construction costs of below-
ground storage tanks to retain CSO at outfalls RH-034 and RH-007. The sizes of the
tanks range from 2 million gallon to 17 million gallon at outfall RH-034 and 2 million
gallon to 8.2 million gallon at outfall OH-007. These ranges of tank sizes are the same
that the NYCDEP previously evaluated in its WWFP.
The EPA’s construction cost estimate ranges from about $25 million to $79 million at
RH-034 and from about $24 million to $46 million at OH-007. For costing purposes, an
8-million-gallon in-line storage tank was estimated by the EPA to cost $46,429,000 for
outfall RH-034 and a 4-million-gallon in-line storage tank was estimated by the EPA to
cost $31,272,000 for outfall OH-007.
The EPA acknowledges that these conceptual construction costs are significantly less
than those estimated by NYCDEP in its WWFP and Proposed Plan comments. The
EPA’s costs are distinguishable from NYCDEP’s cost numbers for a number of reasons,
discussed below.
In 2011, the EPA informally requested that NYCDEP provide the basis for NYCDEP’s
estimates of tank costs in its WWFP. When NYCDEP did not do so, in September 2012
the EPA requested this information using CERCLA formal information gathering
authority. As was noted previously, NYCDEP screened out CSO tanks for not being
cost effective based on the cost estimates set forth in the WWFP. In its response to the
formal request, NYCDEP replied that this information was not available. As a result, no
direct NYCDEP cost data was included in the EPA’s formulation of the conceptual costs
for the Proposed Plan.
The EPA’s costs assume the use of NYC land, which was not the case in the WWFP.
The EPA’s cost estimate may be considered in context with these CSO tanks recently
built by NYCDEP:
 $291 million was spent on its 43 million gallon capacity Flushing Bay CSO facility
completed in 2009.
V-109
 $33 million was spent on the five million gallon capacity CSO retention tank at Alley
Creek CSO facility in Bayside, Queens, completed in May 2011.
 $404 million was spent on the 50 million gallon capacity Paerdegat Basin CSO
facility in Brooklyn, which began operation in May 2011.
A comparison of costs is complicated by the fact that the construction costs of these
facilities include more than just the costs of constructing below-ground storage tanks.
All three of the examples were integrated with other municipal and community
amenities, including operation support facilities, community centers and additional park
facilities. The actual construction costs of the storage tank component of the facilities
would be only a portion of the overall costs shown above.
NYCDEP provided a breakdown of the $101 million tank-related costs for the Alley
Creek CSO facility in its comments on the Proposed Plan. The construction cost of the
CSO control elements in NYCDEP’s 2007 Alley Creek Waterbody/Watershed Facility
Plan was, however, estimated to be only $28,000,000 (NYCDEP, 2007) after
construction was underway, which is significantly less than the final actual costs
incurred of $101 million that NYCDEP reported and consistent with the EPA’s estimate
for the Gowanus Canal storage tanks for the selected remedy. NYCDEP has also
reported to the public in other forums regarding the cost of the Alley Creek tank itself
(see NYCDEP Presentation, Public Outreach for Alley Creek LTCP, Queens Borough
President Office, September 12, 2012 (“Phase 2: 5 [Million Gallon] CSO Storage Tank
($33M)”), page 4 and NYCDEP Presentation, Combined Sewer Overflow/Long Term
Control Plans - Alley Creek Kickoff Meeting, October 24, 2012 (“5 [Million Gallon] CSO
Storage Tank ($29M)”), page 16). The basis and components of the conceptual costs
estimated by the EPA are well documented in the FS report addendum and will be
further developed during detailed design. Based on the EPA’s best estimate of the
direct tank-related construction costs for the Alley Creek facility, NYCDEP’s as-built
construction cost of storage tanks is approximately $5.60 to $6.60 million per million
gallons in terms of 2007 to 2012 dollars. This range of costs is consistent with the
EPA’s estimate for the selected remedy considering the limited Site-specific information
available to the EPA.
Regarding operation and maintenance costs, the EPA reviewed the WWFP for such
information in connection with the document’s cost-effectiveness screening of CSO
options. It does not appear that non-capital costs, such as operation and maintenance,
were included in NYCDEP’s cost screening for either non-selected elements, such as
CSO tanks, or selected elements, such as the Flushing Tunnel upgrade. See WWFP,
Section 7. Such costs could be significant, since, for example, the Flushing Tunnel
upgrade will result in operational costs 24 hours per day in perpetuity.
Although, as noted above, NYCDEP’s Proposed Plan comments list CSO retention tank
cost categories which NYCDEP asserts should be included, NYCDEP’s comments do
not provide any unit cost estimates derived from NYCDEP’s existing CSO tank
operations. In its comments on the Proposed Plan, NYCDEP does, however, state:
V-110
for the Alley Creek tank, [NYCDEP’s] operating costs have been approximately
$1 million per year and grit removal at the Flushing CSO storage tank facility has
cost up to $2 million per year (NYCDEP comments, page. 99).
NYCDEP information indicates that the Flushing Creek CSO retention facility consists of
a 28 million gallon tank and plus 15 million gallons of in-line storage from the sewer line
capacity, for a total of 43 million gallons. See NYCDEP 2011 Flushing Creek, Section
8. This is significantly larger than the estimated combined volumes for CSO retention
facilities in the selected remedy. Presumably, the costs would be fractionally smaller.26
Regarding the disposal cost for solids and grit which accumulate in the CSO tanks, cost
increases related to O&M for the retention tanks should reflect reductions in
maintenance in the canal. Constructing CSO storage tanks will reduce the need for
maintenance dredging. NYCDEP evaluated maintenance dredging as part of its CSO
solids controls FS and estimated the costs to range between $10.8 million to $28 million
(NYCDEP, 2012). NYCDEP concluded that there will be some effectiveness of
maintenance dredging. The EPA agrees that there will be some effectiveness, but it will
not keep hazardous substances out of the canal and will most likely result in periodic
toxicity in the sediments. Furthermore, the design of the cap would have to account for
more-frequent maintenance dredging in the future such that the cap construction cost
will be higher than what is estimated for the proposed plan. NYCDEP savings from the
costs of this maintenance dredging would offset the cost for constructing and operating
CSO storage tanks.
Although the EPA did not include the cost of O&M for the CSO tank in the Proposed
Plan, the EPA has addressed those costs in the ROD.
While the CSO tank construction will be a moderately complex engineering project, the
EPA believes that project synergies and the ability to utilize CERCLA-specific
authorities related to, for example, project siting and the environmental impact
statement process, will significantly reduce the cost of implementation when compared
to a non-CERCLA NYCDEP-lead project.
Consideration of First Flush Effect for Sizing Retention Facilities
Comment #166: NYCDEP and National Grid assert that sizing the CSO control volume
using the first flush volume underestimates the storage volume needed.
Response #166: The concept behind the term ''first flush," is that in the early stages of a
storm event or CSO event, a relatively small percentage of the total flow contains a
disproportionately large percentage of the total pollutant mass associated with the
26 NYCDEP comments elsewhere suggest that the solids contribution from CSOs is
small relative to harbor solids. (See Comment/Response #138, above). Although the
EPA believes that this assertion is not supported by the record, if correct, the disposal
costs for captured solids would also be reduced.
V-111
overall storm event (EPA, 1993). The first flush phenomenon is well documented in the
scientific literature. Capture and storage of the first flush component of CSO discharges
using retention basins are often one of the best measures for attenuating peak runoff
flows and pollutant loads (EPA, 1999). The fundamental concept of first flush is
applicable for both combined sewer systems and separated storm sewer systems,
because both collect precipitation and go through some of the same hydrological and
physical processes, such as pollutant build-up and wash-off on surfaces, as well as
solids accumulation in sewers that are flushed out during rain events.
NYCDEP and National Grid questioned the validity of the study by Stein et al. (2006)
cited in the Proposed Plan and whether it represents an appropriate basis for using first
flush information to evaluate CSO controls. The first flush phenomenon under urban
settings with regard to the discharge of contaminants, such as PAHs and metals, has
been studied in various geographic regions in the U. S. that experience different
hydrologic patterns and various levels of urbanization. The studies noted below
demonstrate that first flush phenomenon is observed for various precipitation patterns
and different chemical compositions, including those for metals and PAHs:
 The study “Water Quality Characterization of Highway Stormwater Runoff from an
Ultra-Urban Area” in Maryland and District of Columbia (Flint and Davis, 2007)
reported that median values for the mass flushed in the first 25% of runoff volume
were greater than the mass flushed in any 25% portion afterwards for all pollutants
(e.g., metals and nutrients). On average, management of the first half-inch of runoff
was able to capture 81-86% of the total pollutant mass at this ultra-urban site. The
ultra-urban area in this study is similar to the neighborhoods around the canal.
 A study funded by California Department of Transportation (Stenstrom and
Kayhanian, 2005) found that 30% to 50% of the pollutants in highway runoff from a
single storm event are contained in the first 10% to 20% of the runoff volume, which
would mean that capturing the first 20% of the discharge flow can capture 50% of
the pollutants. Specifically for PAH loading, particulate PAHs were dominant and in
most cases, first flushes of particulate PAHs were exhibited. The mass first flush
ratio generally was above 2 for the first 20% of the runoff volume, and in some cases
as high as 2. 8. The results suggest that controls that address particulate phase
contaminants in the initial runoff can have greater effectiveness for particulate PAH
removal than other types of control strategies (Stenstrom and Kayhanian, 2005).
 In another study in California (Lau et. al., 2009), approximately 30% to 35% of mass
(for metals and PAHs) is discharged in the first 20% of the runoff volume. This study
agreed with other highway runoff characterization studies, in that strong correlations
were observed among the heavy metals and between heavy metals and total PAHs,
and TSS were well correlated with most heavy metals.
In summary, the findings of these studies across the country are consistent with the
study by Stein et al. (2006), cited in the Proposed Plan, which states that “within
individual storms, PAHs exhibited a moderate first flush with between 30% and 60% of
the total PAH load being discharged in the first 20% of the storm volume.” Therefore,
the use of the first flush concept is valid and applicable to developing preliminary
estimates of contaminated CSO solids controls for the canal. It should be noted that
V-112
absent the EPA’s planning assumption with respect to the first flush, the size of the
retention facilities would have to be larger than those described in the Proposed Plan.
Miscellaneous Retention Tank Concerns
Comment #167: Two commenters asked how the locations for the proposed retention
tanks were selected. Another commenter asked why other locations, such as the empty
ConEd lot located at the intersection of Nevins and Butler or one of the numerous
parcels of land that is for sale in the immediate vicinity, were not considered either for
the siting of the retention tank or for relocation of the pool and services.
Response #167: The EPA has not selected a location for construction of CSO retention
tanks. The EPA anticipates that the locations of the retention tanks will be finalized
during the remedial design. A review of the FS process and critical background
information is helpful in understanding how the EPA proposed Thomas Greene Park as
one potential location for a tank.
NYCDEP is currently undertaking a number of CSO-related improvements in the canal.
The improvements will result in substantial reductions of CSO discharges to the mid-
and lower canal reaches, but no reduction to the upper canal.
The EPA determined that CSO solids contaminated with hazardous substances could
result in recontamination of the canal. Such organic solids also act as a contaminant
“sponge,” adsorbing and effectively concentrating other hazardous substances released
into the canal. The CSO reductions that the EPA is seeking for the upper canal are
consistent with those being made by NYCDEP to the mid and lower canal.
After screening the engineering options which could be used to prevent
recontamination, the EPA determined that in-line retention tanks are the most suitable
technology to capture and reduce contaminated sediment from CSO discharges. While
the empty Con-Ed lot and the parcels of land that are for sale are potential locations for
sewage retention tanks, for the purpose of developing construction cost estimates for
the contaminated CSO solids controls, it was assumed that the retention tanks could be
located most inexpensively on NYC-owned land in the vicinity of the outfalls. One such
property is the Thomas Greene Park.
The EPA acknowledges that the pool and community services provided at the Thomas
Greene Park are vital local community resources. As is generally known within the
community, the park is located on a portion of the former Fulton MGP State Superfund
site (see: http://www.fultonmgpsite.com). Like the two other former MGP facilities
along the canal, Public Place (see http://www.citizensmgpsite.com and Metropolitan
http://www.metropolitanmgpsite.com), the land beneath the park is heavily
contaminated with coal tar. To understand the scale of the former MGP cleanups
needed along the canal, the combined remediation of the three former MGP facilities is
expected to cost roughly the same as the cleanup of the canal itself.
V-113
The largest CSO outfall is located one block from the park. A remedy has not yet been
selected for the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site (National Grid is currently
conducting an FS under NYSDEC oversight), but the EPA believes it will likely include
the removal of contaminated soil and coal tar beneath and/or near the pool and
community center. For this excavation to occur, it is likely that the pool would have to
be removed and rebuilt, regardless of whether a CSO tank is sited there. If the remedy
involves significant excavation, then there would be significant efficiencies in terms of
time and money savings that could be realized for both NYC and National Grid by using
the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site for the CSO retention tank. NYC would
save money needed to excavate the hole for the tank because National Grid would be
doing the excavation as part of the Site remedy and National Grid would save money
that would otherwise be spent to backfill the entire hole, because NYC would be placing
a tank in a portion of the hole. NYC would also save the cost of acquiring a separate
property. The pool, which is over 40 years old, also requires upgrading. Overall,
combining such cost savings could be considerable. CSO retention tanks, which are
essentially concrete tanks, have been successfully constructed beneath parks and other
publicly used areas in other cities. The EPA presented examples of such tanks at
public meetings during the comment period.
It should be noted that in 2008, prior to the nomination of the Gowanus Canal to the
NPL, reconstruction of the aging pool was considered by NYC. In 2010, NYC proposed
closing the park for budgetary reasons, which remained open after efforts by local
supporters. Although a park design was finalized which would move the pool to the
western side of the park from its current position, that plan was not implemented due to
budget constraints. As a result, only the uncontaminated eastern section of the park
has been renovated, to date, with work being completed in early 2013.
Even if the pool does not have to be removed, the utilization of heavy construction
equipment at the park and in surrounding areas of the Site could require the temporary
closure of the pool and community center for health and safety reasons. The empty
Con-Ed lot and the numerous parcels of land that are for sale could be viable locations
for a temporary or permanent replacement pool or for an alternative CSO retention tank
location.
NYC acquired the contaminated land from Brooklyn Union Gas Co. in or around 1938
and constructed the park. As an owner of a portion of former MGP facility, NYC may
also be a PRP under NYS law for the MGP cleanup. NYC could negotiate with National
Grid for compensation for the loss of the park during the time that the remediation effort
blocks public use of the park and possibly reach an agreement related to the provision
of temporary facilities. As part of implementing the comprehensive remedy for the
canal and collaborating with the NYSDEC and the PRPs, the EPA will continue to
conduct appropriate outreach with the community in order to minimize project impacts to
the extent practical.
V-114
Comment #168: A commenter asked whether retention tanks which can store excess
sewage and stormwater flow until the wet weather subsides so that it can be pumped to
the wastewater treatment plants would be a permanent solution to the CSO problem.
Response #168: Installing retention tanks to store excess sewage and stormwater flows
is one permanent way to address the CSO problem. NYCDEP has built four retention
tanks elsewhere in NYC--in Spring Creek, Flushing Bay, Alley Creek and Paerdegat
Basin. Two of these retention tanks are significantly larger than what would be needed
for the Gowanus Canal.
Comment #169: Several commenters expressed concern that the proposed installation
of a CSO retention tank at the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site would require
the temporary removal of the community pool and the community center that provides a
free breakfast and lunch program. A commenter requested a guarantee that there
would be no disruption to the facilities and services.
Response #169: The EPA is committed to achieving cost savings by working closely
with NYCDEP to accomplish an effective Superfund cleanup while also realizing CSO
benefits through synergies and economies of scale. The EPA anticipates that the
remedy that is ultimately selected by NYSDEC for the former Fulton MGP State
Superfund site will require the excavation of contaminated soils underlying the pool and
community center. A retention tank could be installed in the excavated area before
backfilling. Even if the pool does not have to be removed, the utilization of heavy
construction equipment on and around the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site will
likely require the temporary closure of the pool and community center for safety
reasons. As was noted previously, NYC could negotiate with National Grid for
compensation for the loss of the park during the time that the remediation effort blocks
public use of the park and possibly reach an agreement related to the provision of
temporary facilities. As part of implementing the comprehensive remedy for the canal
and collaborating with the NYSDEC and the PRPs, the EPA will continue to conduct
appropriate outreach with the community in order to minimize project impacts to the
extent practical.
Comment #170: A commenter noted that NYC’s planning standards outlined in the 2010
City Environmental Quality Review Technical (CEQR) Manual encourages 2. 5 acres of
open space within half a mile for every 1,000 residents. The commenter noted that a
CAG member estimated that northern Gowanus residents only have access to 7 acres
of parks instead of the 70 acres that the standard requires. The commenter asked how
the EPA would enforce NYC open space standards for the already underserved part of
the Gowanus Canal community.
Response #170: Under the CEQR Manual (updated in 2012), an analysis of open space
is conducted to determine whether or not a proposed project would have a direct impact
resulting from the elimination or alteration of open space and/or an indirect impact
resulting from overtaxing available open space. Since the excavation of contaminated
soils underlying the pool and community center and the installation of a retention tank in
V-115
the excavation before backfilling would only be a temporary loss of the open space, it
would appear that the open space requirements under CEQR may not be applicable.
The EPA does not have the authority to enforce NYC open space standards, nor are
such standards considered an applicable and appropriate requirement for the federal
Superfund process. The EPA supports open space efforts that may benefit the remedy
for the Site, such as the Sponge Park, green street ends and other green infrastructure
projects. The EPA has also encouraged NYC to re-start the area-wide re-zoning
process which may result in additional open space through the application of waterfront
esplanade requirements.
Comment #171: A commenter asked whether the proposed sewage retention tanks
could be sited to take into consideration the expected sea level rise and the attendant
ramifications.
Response #171: The retention tanks will be buried in the ground well below the
surface. Rising sea levels will not have an impact on such watertight tanks.
Construction of the retention tanks would be expected to partially alleviate sewage
discharges from increased storm events.
Comment #172: Several commenters expressed concern that the size and number of
retention tanks will not be sufficient, given the significant amount of planned residential
development.
Response #172: Contaminated CSO solids reductions needed to achieve the PRGs in
surface sediments after remedy implementation are estimated to be in the range of 58
to 74 percent. Scientific literature suggests that it can be assumed that the "first flush"
comprises approximately 20% of the total discharge volume and contains between 30%
and 60% of the total PAH load of the discharge. It is anticipated that capturing
approximately twice the amount of the "first flush" of the design storm event from CSO
outfalls RH-034 and OH-007 would ensure that the protectiveness of the remedy is
maintained. In order to achieve this minimum level of CSO solids control, based on the
preliminary screening, in-line retention tanks are presumed to be constructed near
outfalls RH-034 and OH-007; tank volumes of 6- to 8-million gallons and 3- to 4-million
gallons were preliminarily selected for outfalls RH-034 and OH-007, respectively, on the
basis of their capacity to reduce CSO volume and solids that will be protective of the
Superfund remedy. During the remedial design process, further refinement of the CSO
reduction targets will occur.
The ROD requires that current and future high density residential redevelopment along
the banks of the canal and within the sewershed be consistent with current NYCDEP
criteria to ensure that hazardous substances and solids from additional sewage loads
do not compromise the effectiveness of the permanent CSO control measures (i.e., the
tanks) by exceeding their design capacity. The ROD also requires that the size of the
tanks, which will be determined during the remedial design, accommodate projected
additional loads to the combined sewer system as a result of current and future
residential development, as well as a result of increased rainfall due to climate change.
V-116
Therefore, it is likely that the tanks will need to be larger to accommodate the
aforementioned factors.
Comment #173: A commenter asked whether the proposed retention tanks would have
sufficient volume to be able to retain 40% (twice the amount of the "first flush" of the
design storm event) of the discharge volume that would be expected from storms
equivalent to Hurricane Irene or Superstorm Sandy.
Response #173: While the retention tanks would retain twice the amount of the "first
flush" of the design storm event, it is likely that extraordinary storm events, which cause
widespread flooding, would exceed the design storm event. As was noted in the
previous response, it is likely that the tanks will need to be larger to accommodate
projected additional loads to the combined sewer system as a result of current and
future residential development and increased rainfall.
Comment #174: Several commenters expressed concern about the potential loss of the
Thomas Greene Park and the Douglass-Degraw Pool should a CSO retention tank be
sited there. Another commenter asked how the EPA will protect residents from
temporarily or permanently losing green and recreational space. Several commenters
asked about the time frame that the pool would be closed.
Response #174: The specific locations of the retention tanks will be selected in
consultation with NYCDEP. The EPA is committed to achieving cost savings by
working closely with NYCDEP to accomplish an effective Superfund cleanup while also
realizing CSO benefits through synergies and economies of scale. Accordingly, the
EPA intends to work with NYCDEP to evaluate locating CSO control facilities in areas
where upland Site-related source removal work might take place, creating a synergy
between programs that potentially could save time in property acquisition and permitting
and save significant construction costs.
As was noted above, the swimming pool and park are located on the former Fulton
MGP State Superfund site, which is currently owned by NYC. The former Fulton MGP
State Superfund site is a current source of contamination to the canal through the
migration of contaminated groundwater and coal tar. The facility is being addressed
under the State Superfund program by National Grid, a PRP for the facility. As a
current owner of the park, NYC may also be a PRP for the remediation of the Fulton
MGP site under NYS law. It is likely that the remedy for contamination beneath the park
facility will include the excavation of contaminated soil and coal tar. To do so, it is likely
that the pool would have to be removed. The EPA has suggested that a retention tank
be installed before backfilling as a means of solving several problems at the least cost.
The EPA is open to other locations that NYC (the party that will be responsible for
building the tank) may propose as appropriate and advantageous.
Even if the pool does not have to be removed, the utilization of heavy construction
equipment on the Site will likely require the temporary closure of the pool and
community center during the MGP cleanup for health and safety reasons.
V-117
The EPA acknowledges that there may be some temporary impacts to the users of the
pool if the pool is temporarily closed due to excavation of contamination on or near the
park, and/or construction of a tank. As was noted previously, NYC could negotiate with
National Grid for compensation for the loss of the park during the time that the
remediation effort blocks public use of the park and possibly reach an agreement
related to the provision of temporary facilities. As part of implementing the
comprehensive remedy for the canal and in collaboration with NYSDEC and the PRPs,
the EPA will continue to conduct appropriate outreach with the community in order to
minimize project impacts to the extent practical.
While detailed construction schedules are not developed until the design phase, it is
anticipated that work associated with the construction of an underground retention tank
would take two to three years.
Comment #175: Two commenters asked about the potential exposure pathway a
sewage retention tank beneath the pool would create.
Response #175: Temporarily storing sewage in an underground tank is a common
practice in NYC and elsewhere. While somewhat more complex, sewage tanks are
fundamentally similar in nature to other subsurface sewer infrastructure like sewage
lines in streets.
Parks and other public accessible facilities have been successfully constructed above
such tanks and other sewage-related infrastructure. For example, a public park is
located above the North River Wastewater Treatment Plant on the West Side Highway
(see http://nysparks.com/parks/93 and http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/html/wastewater/
northri.shtml). In Marseille, France, a CSO tank is being constructed beneath a park,
adjacent to an historic monumental arch.
During the public comment period, the EPA’s presentations to the public included
several examples of CSO tanks constructed beneath a park and other public areas. A
CSO retention tank would not pose a threat to an overlying swimming pool.
Comment #176: A commenter noted that more than $900,000 was spent by NYC to
renovate the playground at the Thomas Greene Park, which is located on the former
Fulton MGP State Superfund site, but the underlying land was not first remediated. Two
commenters note that the new playground has large tree pits with exposed dirt and a
new sprinkler fountain for children and suggests that both be evaluated as potential new
exposure routes. A commenter suggested regular testing of the water in the Douglass
& Degraw Community Pool and drinking and shower water at the pool. One commenter
expressed general concern about the potential health risks posed to the users of the
park and pool. A commenter also expressed concern about potential exposure through
contaminated groundwater infiltrating the bottom of the toddler and regular pools.
Several commenters suggest that the EPA conduct a thorough review of the remedial
investigation results at the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site and address new
potential exposure pathways with a human health risk assessment.
V-118
Response #176: The playground at the park is located on an area where contamination
was not detected, allowing work to proceed on the recent playground renovation. By
contrast, substantial contamination was found under the remaining portions of the park.
Current and future human health risks associated with the Site were assessed in the
former Fulton MGP State Superfund site RI report prepared by National Grid under
NYSDEC oversight. The RI report concludes that under current conditions, the
contaminated soils pose no risk to human health because the contamination is located
underground and is, thus, not readily accessible. The RI report also concludes that
there are potential future pathways by which human receptors could come into contact
with contaminated soils and groundwater, soil vapor and indoor air. In addition, utility
and construction workers may come into contact with contaminants in subsurface soils
at each of the parcels and beneath the streets during excavation activities. Since the
soil surrounding the trees was likely imported and since the piping for the sprinklers,
showers and drinking water is under pressure (water can leak out of the pipes, but
infiltration of contaminants into the piping from the groundwater is virtually impossible
due to the positive water pressure in the pipes), the potential for exposure via these
routes is unlikely.
Comment #177: Several commenters noted that, although concern has been
expressed about the placement of retention tanks at Thomas Greene Park, the soil in a
portion of the park is contaminated and needs to be cleaned up. The commenters note
that the loss of a swimming area for several seasons is a small price to pay to eliminate
the CSO discharges.
Response #177: The Thomas Greene Park swimming pool is located on a portion of the
former Fulton MGP State Superfund site. As was noted above, it is likely that the
remedy for the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site will include the excavation of
contaminated soil and coal tar, which could necessitate the removal of the pool.
The EPA has suggested that a retention tank be installed beneath the park before
backfilling and reconstruction of the pool as a means to reduce NYC’s property
acquisition and construction costs. This approach would solve several problems at
once, including reducing the community’s exposure to CSO discharges, which can
occur both into the canal and into public streets, depending on the circumstances.
Although the park has been proposed by the EPA as a potential location, NYC will be
given the opportunity to select a location for the retention tank during the remedial
design process.
Comment #178: A commenter requested groundwater testing at the park after wet
weather events.
Response #178: Since the groundwater underlying the park is known to be
contaminated, sampling it after wet weather events would only confirm that which is
already known about the MGP-related contamination there.
V-119
Comment #179: A commenter asked about the likelihood that a public park could be
placed on top of the retention tanks.
Response #179: Construction of a park on top of the retention tanks is readily feasible.
Moreover, in this case it could potentially save significant costs by combining the
solutions for multiple capital-intensive projects. During the public comment period, the
EPA’s presentations to the public included several examples of CSO tanks constructed
beneath a park and other public areas. See: http://www.epa.gov/region02/
superfund/npl/gowanus/pdf/present_cagmtg_02-2013.pdf.
As noted above, there is also a park atop the North River Wastewater Treatment Plant
in NYC.
Comment #180: Councilmember Brad Lander indicated that his office is partnering with
the NYC Department of Sanitation and the Gowanus Canal Conservancy, with the
support of Councilmember Stephen Levin and Councilmember Sara González, to
construct a composting facility on the NYC-owned property located at 2nd Avenue and
5th Street, another potential location for an in-line retention tank. It is anticipated that
the construction of the facility will begin in summer 2013, pending regulatory approval.
Councilmember Lander requested that before any final decisions are made about the
siting of a retention tank at this location, he would like details about the proposal and
what the potential impacts might be.
Response #180: The EPA has reviewed the composting facility’s plans and met with the
Gowanus Canal Conservancy in April 2013 at the composting facility to work out an
arrangement that would allow both the composting and in-line retention tank projects to
move forward (i.e., the components of the composting facility will be portable). The
EPA will continue to conduct appropriate outreach with the community in order to
minimize project impacts to the extent practical on this and other efforts along the canal.
Comment #181: A commenter asked how the locations of the CSO retention tanks
would be selected and approved.
Response #181: It is up to NYCDEP—the party that will be responsible for building the
retention tanks—to propose even further CSO controls if additional steps are necessary
to achieve the water quality goals of the CWA and meet the “highest attainable use” for
the water body.
The EPA is seeking to coordinate the CWA and CERCLA processes to the extent
practicable to ensure that the selected CERCLA remedy is implemented in an effective
and timely manner. NYSDEC is the lead agency for implementing the CWA in the
State; the EPA will be participating closely in the LTCP process. The EPA is the lead
agency for the CERCLA remedy, with NYSDEC as the support agency. The EPA plans
to coordinate closely with NYSDEC and NYCDEP.
It is anticipated that NYCDEP will be performing additional sampling, modeling and
engineering work which should serve to inform both the remedial design and LTCP
processes, assuming that both efforts are moving in parallel.
V-120
In the event that there are delays in the LTCP process, the EPA will require NYCDEP to
proceed on the remedial design schedule rather than the LTCP schedule so as to
prevent delays in the implementation of the CERCLA remedy. It should be noted that
the EPA does not believe it is necessary for NYCDEP to finalize the LTCP in order to
complete the remedial design, particularly since the State has already determined that
the LTCP must, at a minimum, meet the CERCLA remedy requirements.
The EPA’s incorporation of the CSO solids control into the remedy allows the EPA to
conduct the siting, remedial design and remedial action pursuant to certain CERCLA
statutory authorities, including, but not limited to, the availability of permit exemption and
environmental impact statement equivalency. The CERCLA exemption and
equivalency authorities will help avoid delays in implementing the remedy.
As a result, the EPA anticipates that final retention tank site selection will be done under
the EPA’s oversight, in consultation with NYSDEC. As noted previously, for the
purpose of developing estimated construction costs associated with CSO control, it was
assumed that these tanks could potentially be located on available NYC-owned land in
the vicinity of the outfalls. The EPA is open to other locations that NYCDEP may
propose, as appropriate and advantageous. NYCDEP’s proposed location(s) will be
subject to approval by the EPA and NYDSEC during the remedial design and the
contemporaneous LTCP development process.
Comment #182: Two commenters expressed concern that the language in the
Proposed Plan calling for the construction of retention basins to address the CSO
problem is suggestive, rather than compulsory. They note that since NYC is strapped
for funds, it may not “take the hint.”
Response #182 While the EPA evaluated several CSO control measures and
determined that retention tanks would be the most viable, the EPA wanted to allow
NYCDEP the maximum amount of flexibility in selecting CSO control measures.
Therefore, instead of mandating retention tanks, the Proposed Plan suggested retention
tanks. It should be noted that the selected remedy includes the installation of retention
tanks.
Comment #183: Two commenters indicated that while the Proposed Plan takes the
critical step of calling for CSO retention tanks for two of the canal's worst outfalls, many
details will not be solidified until NYCDEP submits its LTCP. The commenters further
stated that it is critical for the EPA to stand firm on requiring retention tanks to control
CSOs and to work with NYSDEC and NYCDEP toward the eventual goal of 100%
elimination of CSOs from the canal.
Response #183: NYSDEC is currently overseeing work being performed by NYC (NYC)
to reduce CSOs to the canal by approximately 34 percent in lower and mid-canal
outfalls. To significantly reduce overall contaminated solid discharges to the canal, the
selected remedy includes the construction of two in-line sewage/stormwater retention
tanks in the vicinity of the two major CSO outfalls in the upper reach of the canal. The
selected remedy also calls for interim controls to mitigate sediment from the CSO
V-121
discharges until the permanent retention tanks are installed if the tanks cannot be
constructed prior to the commencement of the dredging remedy.
While complete elimination of all CSOs from the canal is technically possible, it is not
the goal of the ROD; the goal is a protective remedy. Scientific literature suggests that
it can be assumed that the “first flush” comprises approximately 20% of the total
discharge volume and contains between 30% and 60% of the total PAH load of the
discharge. It is anticipated that capturing twice the amount of the “first flush” of the
design storm event from the two major outfalls located in the upper portion of the canal
(while at the same time making adjustments for additional loads from projected future
development and increased precipitation due to climate change) would ensure that the
protectiveness of the remedy is maintained.
Comment #184: A commenter suggested that legal assurances be put into place to
ensure that NYCDEP maintains the retention tanks.
Response #184: It is the EPA’s expectation that the performance of the maintenance
related to the retention tanks will be included in the terms of the negotiated agreement
with NYC.
Comment #185: A commenter notes that the Proposed Plan states that the EPA and
NYSDEC are committed to work together throughout the development of the remedial
design and the contemporaneous LTCP development process. The commenter seeks
clarification on the timing for the development of CSO controls.
Response #185: The LTCP is due in June 2015. The EPA will proceed with the design
of the selected remedy anticipating the contemporaneous completion of the LTCP.
Recognizing that planning and construction of permanent long-term contaminated CSO
solids controls for the Superfund remedy might not take place by the time remedial
dredging commences, the EPA in consultation with NYSDEC, would develop, or require
NYCDEP to develop, interim CSO solids control measures during the remedial design
to control the CSO discharges until the permanent measures are implemented.
As was noted previously, in the event that there are delays in the LTCP process, the
EPA will require NYCDEP to proceed on the remedial design schedule rather than the
LTCP schedule so as to prevent delays to the implementation of the CERCLA remedy.
It should be noted that the EPA does not believe it is necessary for NYCDEP to finalize
the LTCP in order to complete the remedial design, particularly since the State has
already determined that the LTCP must, at a minimum, meet the CERCLA remedy
requirements.
Compensation for Temporary Loss of Pool Facility
Comment #186: A commenter asked what compensation would be provided to the
community for losing a recreational open space facility. Another commenter requested
V-122
that the EPA ensure that if a sewage retention tank is placed in Thomas Greene Park
under the pool, that the pool and any park be replaced for the entire time that there is
disruption to this critical community resource. The commenter also requested that the
design of the replacement pool and park have meaningful involvement from the
community. Community Board Six asked if an in-line retention tank is sited at the
Thomas Greene Park and Douglass-Degraw Pool, will the EPA help offset the resulting
temporary loss of access to this public facility.
Response #186: NYC, as owner of the contaminated park property, may be a PRP for
the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site and therefore, along with National Grid, the
successor to the former owner/operator, are the PRPs partly responsible for the former
MGP facility’s remediation. As the property owner, it is within NYC’s authority to identify
a temporary or permanent location for the pool and implement the transition of the pool
services to this new location. As was noted previously, NYC could negotiate with
National Grid for compensation for the loss of the park during the time that the
remediation effort blocks public use of the park and possibly reach an agreement
related to the provision of temporary facilities. As part of implementing the
comprehensive remedy for the canal and in collaboration with NYSDEC and the PRPs,
the EPA will continue to conduct appropriate outreach with the community in order to
minimize project impacts to the extent practical.
If selected as a CSO retention tank location, the EPA will allow enough lead time during
the development of the design for the transitioning of the pool and other community
services to an alternate location outside the construction area.
Comment #187: Two commenters expressed concern about who will pay for an
alternative pool and park and the salaries of the 35 employees.
Response #187: National Grid is the primary PRP for the former Fulton MGP State
Superfund site. As owner of the park, NYC may also potentially responsible for some
portion of the former MGP facility’s remediation. As was noted previously, NYC could
negotiate with National Grid for compensation for the loss of the park during the time
that the remediation effort blocks public use of the park and possibly reach an
agreement related to the provision of temporary facilities.
Navigation
Comment #188: National Grid provided comments related to navigation in the canal and
the potential for its impact on the benthic layer and cap armor layer. The main
comments referred to the likelihood of the benthic layer to be disturbed and mobilized
by the Flushing Tunnel and commercial vessel traffic that currently traverses the area.
A secondary comment suggested that the armor cover size is underestimated.
The comments were based on a National Grid study which noted that impacts on
sediment mobility result from:
V-123
• Increased flow velocities associated with tug and barge activity
• Propeller wash
• Direct vessel contact with the bed
National Grid cited the conclusions from the study by remedial target area as follows:
RTA 1
• When the Flushing Tunnel becomes active, there will be significant sediment
erosion and transport from RTA 1 from the increased flow in the canal.
• The Flushing Tunnel flows, when activated, will scour the sand layer proposed to
help establish the benthic community after completion of the remedial action preventing
ecological restoration in the canal.
RTA 2
• The Proposed Plan does not account for the full range of vessel impacts such as
vessel grounding and propeller scour that remobilize and redistribute bed sediments.
• A sand benthic layer will be unsustainable under the combined effects of
propeller wash and Flushing Tunnel flow at depths as deep as 30 feet. A significantly
deeper dredge depth will be required to accommodate commercial vessel traffic in RTA
2 if the sand layer is required to support a benthic community.
• The size of stone assumed in the FS and Proposed Plan for the cap armor layer
is underestimated for the estimated elevation of the bed in RTA2.
• The environmental goals of the proposed remedy are not achievable with
commercial navigation in RTA 2, therefore removing commercial navigation in RTA 2
must be evaluated.
• In the event that a strategy of eliminating commercial vessel traffic is not pursued
as part of remediation of the canal, there must be flexibility within the Proposed Plan to
be able to evaluate bed elevations and the configuration of any proposed cap and armor
layer in light of detailed vessel impacts.
• If RTA 2 is dredged to accommodate navigation by commercial vessels, RTA 2
will suffer ongoing accumulation of sediment. However, a deeper bed configuration in
RTA2 would be ineffective because it would increase sediment and contaminant
accumulation, and would lessen the ability of the Flushing Tunnel to address water
quality issues in this section of the canal.
Response #188: Although the Flushing Tunnel will operate at a greater overall capacity,
the velocity of the water is expected to be the similar to before the current upgrades.
The upgrades will allow the Flushing Tunnel to operate during more hours of the day,
increasing the overall volume of water. Due to the geometry of the Flushing Tunnel and
the canal (e.g., tunnel discharge angle and curve of the canal) most of the tunnel flow
diminishes by mid-canal. As a result, alterations in scouring and sediment transport are
expected to be limited. The most significant effect of the Flushing Tunnel is to reduce
stagnant water conditions in the upper reach of the canal. (NYCDEP 2007 Modeling
Report; NYCDEP 2008 WWFP).
V-124
There is a balance that the remedial design must accomplish to maintain a benthic
habitat, maintain dissolved oxygen concentrations in the canal above regulatory levels,
and maintain canal use in RTA 2 for commercial navigation. With the Flushing Tunnel
reactivated, scouring of the sand layer in RTA 1 could affect benthic community
restoration. In RTA 2, scouring of the sand layer from navigation could have the same
effect.
Despite scouring of the sand in the benthic habitat area, benthic organisms will continue
to exist in the canal for the following reasons:
 Although it is accurate to assume that unstable sediment conditions will affect the
benthic community, scouring will not be uniform across all areas of RTA 1 and RTA
2.
 Sediment transport will likely also not be uniform across the entire RTA. National
Grid has collected benthic macroinvertebrate samples throughout the canal under
the existing shallow bathymetry conditions, with and without the Flushing Tunnel in
operation and with the apparent effects of disturbance from tug boat movement in
the canal.
 Under the aforementioned current conditions of surface disturbance, National Grid’s
sampling results showed that benthic macroinvertebrates were found at all locations
sampled. The quality of the community depended on the quality of the habitat and
sediment type. The post-remediation habitat should be considerably improved over
current conditions.
 In areas that will not be subject to significant scouring, the sand layer would remain
in place to support the presence of benthic communities of a quality corresponding
to the habitat type.
 In areas with scour, it is reasonable to expect the presence of benthic communities
that are adapted to more rocky substrates (like the stones that will comprise the
armor layer).
 The reduction in CSO discharges and removal of sediment creating SOD in the
selected remedy will improve dissolved oxygen conditions in the canal. This in turn
will reduce the need for the design flows of the reactivated Flushing Tunnel to
maintain dissolved oxygen levels since the organic load to the canal will be reduced.
With lower water velocities, sediment scour would be lower.
The balance of the need to maintain a benthic habitat, maintain dissolved oxygen
concentrations in the canal above regulatory levels, and maintain canal use in RTA 2 for
commercial navigation will be addressed during the remedial design based on the
established CSO control systems.
The FS presented only the conceptual layouts and sizing of the various components of
the evaluated remedial alternatives in accordance with the EPA guidance.
Conceptual layout of the armor layer was based on guidance from the EPA guidance
document by Palermo et. al (1998). The influences of twin propellers and rudders were
not included in the conceptual layout and these could certainly result in potentially larger
V-125
bottom velocities and the need for a larger armor layer. However, the size of the stone
assumed in the FS for the armor layer is not expected to increase significantly enough
so as to affect the feasibility of the alternative.
Final cap configuration and precise dimensions will be determined during the remedial
design and will include a detailed study of tug-boats and operations in the canal.
Odors and Pathogens During Construction
Comment #189: The PRP Group stated that there is a need to evaluate migration and
exposure to airborne bacterial and chemical substances (pharmaceuticals, personal
care products, etc.) during dredging under the proposed plan. The comment also noted
that the EPA has not considered recent studies by Columbia University that evaluated
air quality during the ongoing in-canal aeration activities by NYCDEP at Newtown Creek
and suggest that aeration provides a pathway for microbial exposure.
Response #189: Dredging of sediments containing pathogens in waterways with CSO
discharges has been performed by NYCDEP (e.g., in the Hendrix Canal) and by many
other entities at many locations across the United States. Dredged sediments are wet
and airborne pathogens are not expected from the wet sediments. When sediment is
dredged, the pathogens are located in the sediment pore water and on the sediment
solids. The pathogens would become airborne if particulate matter from the dredged
sediment becomes airborne. The potential for this happening would be limited by the
high moisture content of the sediment, which will limit the potential for airborne dust
particles. Pathogens represent a concern during direct contact. For workers involved in
the dredging operation, personal protective equipment will prevent direct contact with
the sediments. Hepatitis vaccinations may also be used for added protection by
workers in direct contact. Worker exposures to pharmaceuticals and personal care
products in the dredged sediments would also be addressed through personal
protective equipment.
Aeration is not planned during sediment dredging as part of the selected remedy.
Under existing conditions, the public is exposed to pathogens through CSO discharges
to the canal, through flooding during storm events and through sewage overflows onto
the streets and sidewalks neighboring the canal when high water levels close the tide
gates at CSO outfalls, causing the sewer backups to occur away from the canal. The
selected remedy should reduce these conditions. Odor controls will be implemented to
control odors to the degree practicable. Under current conditions, the CSO sediment
mounds and frequent CSO events cause uncontrolled odors. The selected remedy,
once implemented, should significantly reduce the formation of mounds and the
occurrence of uncontrolled odors.
1st Street Turning Basin
Comment #190: NYCDEP provided the following comments on the EPA’s proposed
excavation of the 1st Street turning basin:
V-126
 The proposed excavation is based on very limited data and an evaluation of
alternatives was not completed.
 The proposed excavation is not consistent with the handling of other upland sites
along the Canal and does not comply with any remedy selection requirements under
CERCLA.
 The estimated costs for the proposed excavation underestimate the project costs.
 There is no indication that property owners or neighboring landowners were
contacted and offered an opportunity to participate in the process.
 The EPA should consider the land use impacts of the proposed change.
Response #190: The former 1st Street turning basin was originally utilized to deliver coal
via barges to the former Brooklyn Rapid Transit Power House. The Power House
consumed large quantities of coal. During its operating era, large coal piles surrounded
the building until the plant became obsolete and was removed from service. The 1st
Street basin was filled in between 1953 and 1965.
Analytical data obtained during the RI in the former 1st Street turning basin showed the
existence of significant contamination in soil and groundwater above cleanup standards.
As with other former basins along the canal, it is believed that contaminated sediments
within the 1st Street basin were left in place when the basin was filled in. In addition,
there are indications that the fill itself may have included waste materials. The filled-in
basin may also have been subject to later spills and dumping.
The EPA installed a paired set of wells within the former 1st Street turning basin, which
the EPA believes is an appropriate number of wells for the aerial extent of the parcel,
and collected sufficient data to characterize the contamination. The data included soil
borings, visual observations of contamination and multiple rounds of groundwater
samples. The wells were installed in a location from which groundwater samples would
provide adequate characterization of the groundwater contamination flowing through the
narrow parcel of land that constitutes the former 1st Street turning basin. In its
comment, NYCDEP indicated that monitoring well MW-27, which does not show
contamination at levels of concern, is within the 1st Street turning basin. Monitoring well
MW-27 is located on the adjacent Power Station property, not the 1st Street turning
basin.
The basin is hydraulically connected to the canal (with no bulkhead standing between
the canal and the basin) such that contaminants within the basin are an on-going source
of contamination. Finally, unlike other filled in portions of former turning basins, the 1st
Street basin has no standing structures on it, thus making excavation to remove this
continuing source a preferred option compared to other upland sites. Based on this
combined set of considerations, the EPA determined that the preferred approach for the
1st Street basin is removal of the contaminated soil and restoration of the basin.
Alternatives that remove or destroy hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants
to the maximum extent feasible are key criteria for the effectiveness evaluation of
remedial alternatives.
V-127
The FS report addendum presented an example potential excavation and restoration
approach with associated estimated costs. The costs are order-of-magnitude cost
estimates that provide an accuracy of +50 percent to – 30 percent and are based on the
quantities and assumptions in the presented potential excavation and restoration
approach. A confirmatory investigation will be performed during the remedial design to
collect the additional data necessary to develop the final approach and design for the
excavation and restoration activities.
The principal benefit derived from the cleanup and restoration of the former 1st Street
turning basin and the portion of the 5th Street turning basin beginning underneath the 3rd
Avenue bridge and extending approximately 25 feet to the east is the mitigation of
wetlands impacts that may be associated with the cleanup of the canal from a series of
incremental intrusions into the canal from cut-off walls and/or bulkhead restoration work.
Regulations relating to the filling of water bodies are Site-specific ARARs. As noted
previously, the State seeks to limit or offset encroachment on the canal when bulkheads
are repaired. In its comments, NYCDEP noted with respect to other potential project-
related wetlands impacts that “[t]he average cost for purchase of credits from a
mitigation bank is currently approximately $700,000 per acre, or $21 million. This cost
was not included in the cost estimate for RTA 3” (NYC 2013, page 71). The EPA
agrees that it is appropriate to consider and evaluate the cost of wetlands mitigation.
The excavation of the 1st Street turning basin offers several additional potential
benefits:
 Shallow water habitat restoration could be incorporated to establish vegetative
growth appropriate for an urban setting.
 Flood storage capacity within the canal would be marginally increased.
 A boat launch can be constructed in the restored turning basin so that members of
the community can launch canoes or other shallow-draft recreational vessels.
 Public access to the canal may be increased.
Like the main channel of the canal, the 1st Street turning basin is owned by NYC. Two
major parcels abutting the basin, the Power Station and 420 Carroll Street, have
recently been purchased. If these properties are redeveloped around a restored 1st
Street basin, NYC’s waterfront guidelines suggest that the required esplanade area may
include both the canal and basin frontage, resulting in more public open space. The
EPA contacted these property owners in connection with the Proposed Plan to ensure
that they were aware of the proposed restoration of the basin. No formal comments
were submitted by these property owners with respect to the overall remedy or the 1st
Street basin restoration specifically.
As part of the confirmatory design investigation and throughout the design, property
owners along the 1st Street turning basin will be contacted to coordinate the planned
activities.
V-128
Differing Conditions Along Canal
Comment #191: National Grid asserts that the benefits of dredging all of the soft
sediment in RTA 3B, as called for in the Proposed Plan, are disproportionate with the
localized nature of the impacts and the disruption, associated worker and public risk
from the construction, and extended construction duration. The remedy for RTA 3B
should be re-evaluated and less-intrusive alternative approaches including hot spot
removal and monitored natural attenuation should be considered, especially given that
RTA 3B represents nearly 50 percent of all sediments slated for removal in the
Proposed Plan.
National Grid also asserts that the sediment chemistry is different in RTA 3 and
sediments in RTA 3B contain lower concentrations of potentially toxic chemicals than
much of the rest of the canal.
Response #191: The EPA has reviewed the data set cited in the comment concerning
contaminant distribution and hot spot and non-hot spot locations in RTA 3B. The total
PAH distribution for hot spot and non-hot spot locations are presented in Figure 8,
below. The EPA elected to divide the data sets in two depths: depths from zero to four
feet below the sediment surface and depths greater than four feet below the sediment
surface to match the depth intervals used by the commenter in their analysis. The basis
for this division was that in the near surface sediments exposure to benthic communities
occurs and natural recovery could be expected to have a greater effect.
PRG = 20
mg/kg
Figure 8: PAH Distribution for Hot Spot and Non-hot Spot Locations
V-129
The data analysis confirms the comment that the non-hot spot locations have lower total
PAH concentrations in the sediment in the top four feet compared to the deeper
sediments at the same locations. However, the data also show that whereas the
median concentration for the non-hot spot locations in the upper four feet of sediment is
near the PRG approximately 50% of the samples collected were above the PRG. All
non-hot spot locations at depths greater than four feet were also above the PRG. The
above analysis confirms the EPA’s previous conclusion that soft sediment removal is
required in RTA 3B.
The EPA has already accounted for the different characteristics of RTA 3 relative to the
other two RTAs by reducing the active cap conceptual layout for RTA 3 compared to the
other two RTAs. This determination was based both on reduced groundwater discharge
velocity and NAPL impacts in RTA 3. The absorptive layer was reduced to six inches in
RTA 3 compared to one foot in the other two RTAs. As stated in other summary
comment sections, the active cap design in the PRAP represents a conceptual design
for alternative development and not the actual remedial design. Different active cap
configurations for RTA 3B will be evaluated during the remedial design.
Although the EPA has characterized RTA 3 as the least contaminated, this is relative to
RTA 1 and 2, rather than relative to background levels. The level of sampling, design
and targeted removal costs, together with the risk associated with leaving untreated
contamination in place, as compared to full removal does not justify an altered
approach.
Hydrology and Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Impacts in Remediation Target Area 3
Comment #192: National Grid asserts that the hydrology and NAPL Impacts are
different in RTA 3 and warrant different treatment than the other areas of the canal.
Response #192: The EPA agrees that the hydrology and NAPL impacts in RTA 3B are
different than in the other RTAs. The groundwater model provided by National Grid
indicates that only 12 percent of the groundwater discharge into the canal is in RTA 3
even though RTA 3 occupies over 50 percent of the canal bottom.
NAPL impacts are also lower than other RTAs. Over 70 percent of the cores collected
of native sediment showed no NAPL impacts and no NAPL saturated cores were
observed.
The EPA has already accounted for the different characteristics of RTA 3 relative to the
other two RTAs by reducing the active cap conceptual layout for RTA 3 compared to the
other two RTAs.
Natural Attenuation for Remediation Target Area 3
Comment #193: The PRP Group and the Sediment Management Workgroup asserts
that natural attenuation should be considered for RTA 3.
V-130
Response #193: The complex mix of contamination in RTA 3, which contains a very
large number of chemical compounds resistant to degradation (as in the rest of the
canal) has arguably been subject to natural attenuation for an extended period of time,
pre-dating the Superfund process by over a century, with no indication that
contaminants will ever drop to acceptable levels.
Sediment Toxicity and Benthic Community Health in Remediation Target Area 3
Comment #194: National Grid asserts that sediment toxicity and benthic community
health are different in RTA 3. The toxicity was not uniform throughout RTA 3B.
Response #194: National Grid has collected benthic macroinvertebrate samples
throughout the canal. Under the existing conditions of surface disturbance, the overall
conclusion was that benthic macroinvertebrates were found at all locations sampled.
The quality of the community depended on the quality of the habitat and sediment type.
The EPA agrees that RTA 3B has more hospitable conditions to support a benthic
community than RTAs 1 and 2, but does not agree that monitored natural recovery
(MNR) is an acceptable remedy for this section of the canal. MNR was screened out as
an alternative for the lower reach of the canal since the accumulated sediments are
grossly contaminated with a broad range of pollutants that are unlikely to naturally
attenuate and which may be subject to some degree of transport via propeller wash,
storms, and tidal action to areas of the canal that were capped.
Remedy Effectiveness
Comment #195: A commenter suggested that the ROD aim for the highest cleanup
standards and apply and enforce those standards to the upland NYSDEC-managed
sites, as well.
Response #195: Because there are no promulgated standards or criteria that apply to
the cleanup of contaminated sediments in New York, Site-specific PRGs for sediments
in the Gowanus Canal were developed. PRGs are used to define the extent of cleanup
needed to achieve the RAOs. A “clean” surface will be established at the bottom of the
Gowanus Canal at the end of remedy construction.
To prevent recontamination of the canal following the implementation of the remedy, the
upland sources of hazardous substances, including discharges from three former
MGPs, CSOs, other contaminated upland areas and unpermitted pipes along the canal
must be addressed prior to the commencement of, or in phased coordination with the
implementation of the selected remedy.
The former MGP facilities are being addressed by National Grid under NYSDEC
oversight. Based upon the first NYSDEC-selected remedy at one of these former MGP
facilities and NYSDEC guidance for presumptive remedies at former MGP facilities, it is
V-131
assumed that a range of actions will be implemented at the facilities (that may include
removal of mobile sources, construction of cut-off walls along the canal and active
recovery of NAPL near the cut-off walls for each of the former MGP facilities) which will
prevent the migration of contamination from the former MGP facilities into the canal.
The EPA and NYSDEC will coordinate measures to control discharges from upland
contaminated areas adjacent to the canal that have already been referred to NYSDEC
for action. In addition, under the selected remedy, unpermitted pipe outfalls will be
either controlled or eliminated.
Since CSOs to the canal will not be entirely eliminated as part of the sediment remedy,
the newly-established background level of PAHs in surface sediment will depend on the
level of CSO reductions achieved. The goal is to reduce the contribution of CSO solids
so that the average total PAH concentration in canal’s surface sediments after
remediation does not exceed the PRG of 20 mg/kg.
Comment #196: National Grid asserts that remedy performance should be based on
post- remedy operation of the canal and that appropriate performance measures and
monitoring plans to assess remedy performance in both the short term and long term
should be developed.
The Gowanus Conservancy asserts that remedy performance standards should
address historical sources, as well as CSO discharges and storm sewers. The
performance standards should be adapted as conditions in the canal change. The
Gowanus Conservancy also asserts that long-term performance monitoring should be
closely linked to the CSM so that the hypotheses and assumptions that led to the
selected remedy can be tested and refined.
Response #196: Specific performance measures were developed in the Proposed Plan
for total PAH concentrations in sediment of 20 mg/kg (the PRG) and for surface water
concentrations (final chronic values-FCVs). The FCVs presented in the FS report and
in Table 4, below, are considered performance measures for pore water near the
sediment surface.
Table 4: Final Chronic Values
Final Chronic Values for PAHs in Pore
Chemical
Water (mg/L)
Napthalene 0. 1935
Acenapthene 0. 3069
Fluorene 0. 0393
Phenanthrene 0. 0191
Pyrene 0. 01011
V-132
A performance monitoring plan to assess whether and how these performance
standards are met will be developed as part of the remedial design.
In addition, because contaminants are left in place beneath the cap (treated by ISS or
left without treatment) following the implementation of the remedy, five year reviews will
be performed to assess whether the remedial goals are being achieved.
Dredging and Sediment Management Costs
Comment #197: NYCDEP asserts that the dredging and sediment management costs
consistently underestimate likely costs based on Site-specific conditions. The costs of
implementing the remedy are likely to be in a range that is twice those amounts, which
is outside the acceptable tolerance for a CERCLA FS compared to the final remedy cost
(i.e., -30 to +50 percent). Insufficient Site characterization and overly optimistic
technical assumptions are used to justify the design concepts have resulted in an
underestimation of the probable costs for each of the alternatives.
Response #197: The EPA’s FS cost estimating guidance (EPA, 2000) states the
following (underlining added for emphasis):
While cost estimates are developed at different stages of the Superfund process
(Chapter 2), this guide specifically addresses the FS phase. Cost estimates are
developed during the FS primarily for the purpose of comparing remedial
alternatives during the remedy selection process, not for establishing project
budgets or negotiating Superfund enforcement settlements. During remedy
selection, the cost estimate of the preferred alternative is typically carried over
from the FS to the PRAP for public comment. The subsequent cost estimate
included in the record of decision (ROD) reflects any changes to the remedial
alternative that occurs during the remedy selection process as a result of new
information or public comment.
The guidance further states:
As a project moves from the planning stage into the design and implementation
stage, the level of project definition increases, thus allowing for a more accurate
cost estimate. An “early” estimate of the project’s life cycle costs is made during
the FS to make a remedy selection decision.
At the FS stage, the design for the remedial action project is still conceptual, not
detailed, and the cost estimate is considered to be “order-of-magnitude.” The
cost engineer must make assumptions about the detailed design in order to
prepare the cost estimate. As a project progresses, the design becomes more
complete and the cost estimate becomes more “definitive,” thus increasing the
accuracy of the cost estimate.
While the -30 to +50 percent is the expected cost estimate accuracy at this stage, the
guidance expressly notes that “the specific percentages correlate with generally
V-133
accepted rules of thumb for cost estimating accuracy and are not meant to imply that
these goals will be precisely achieved.”
The cost estimate developed for the FS and subsequently revised in the FS report
addendum and used in the Proposed Plan is sufficient to support the selection of an
alternative. The EPA acknowledges that as the remedy becomes increasingly more
defined during the remedial design, the cost estimate will change. These changes will
be reflected and documented in the 30 percent, 60 percent and final remedial design
documents generated during the remedial design process.
Figure 8, below, from the EPA’s FS cost estimating guidance (EPA, 2000) shows how
the accuracy of the cost estimate is refined during the different project stages.
Figure 8: Exhibit 2-3, Expected Cost Estimate Accuracy Along the Superfund Pipeline, from the
EPA’s Feasibility Study Cost Estimating Guidance
Of the specific cost elements commented upon, the fundamental assumptions for every
single element are the same for each of the evaluated alternatives, except for the costs
associated with in-situ stabilization, which are specific to Alternative 7. Any changes to
the specific elements listed would affect both alternatives to the same degree and, as a
result, the relative cost ranking would not change.
The selected remedy incorporates several approaches which should limit remedial
design and remedial action costs relative to other sediment sites. The disposal volume
is well quantified, and limited by the defined project area boundaries. Sediment
contaminant levels are also well defined. These conditions limit the purposes for which
remedial design sampling will be required. Because full removal of accumulated
sediments has been selected, and residual contamination is expected in native
sediments, post-excavation confirmatory sampling will also be limited as compared to
other sediment sites.
V-134
Confirmatory Design Sampling and Testing Costs
Comment #198: NYCDEP notes that the FS report assumed that pre-design sampling
and testing could be performed for a cost of $500,000–including sample collection
which is unrealistic. No details are provided regarding these activities. No information
is provided regarding geophysical testing. Geotechnical analysis is not included in the
estimate and this will be a major concern of the design process. Equipment
mobilization/demobilization costs are not addressed in the estimate.
Response #198: Confirmatory design sampling and testing will be performed at the
start of design. The costs were estimated at $500,000 in the FS, but could be higher,
potentially of the same magnitude as the remedial investigation costs.
Remedial Design Costs
Comment #199: NYCDEP asserted that the remedial design costs are too low at four
percent of remediation costs and are typically five to 15 percent of project costs.
Response #199: While the range of design costs cited in the comment (five to 15
percent of project costs) is generally reasonable for typical projects, a lower percentage
near the lower end of this cited range (4%) was selected since the overall project costs
were relatively high due to the sheer volume of sediment that requires removal. The 4%
was not applied to the sediment transportation and removal costs and the ISS. If the
assumption made in the FS is changed and the percent is applied to the sediment
transport and removal and ISS costs, the cost of the design would increase by
approximately $6.5 million. A detailed estimate of the design costs will be prepared at
the start of the design.
Pre-Remediation Site Work Costs
Comment #200: NYCDEP asserts that pre-remediation Site work costs for fencing and
temporary roadwork do not appear to be applicable for work in the canal. Costs for
temporary docking facilities should be considered.
Response #200: The full details of the pre-remediation Site work will be developed
during the design when the process layout will be developed and specific locations will
be identified.
Debris Management Costs
Comment #201: NYCDEP noted that debris management costs were not considered.
Response #201: For the Kinnickinnic River project (a mechanical dredging project
conducted in an urban environment, from a portion of the river that had not been
V-135
dredged in 60 years), debris was processed and disposed off-site as part of the
dredging operation. The dredging costs for the Gowanus Canal estimate used the
actual Kinnickinnic River dredging costs as a basis, which included a debris screening
process. Costs for off-site disposal of debris for the Kinnickinnic River were 0.1% of the
total dredging costs and 0.04% of the total project costs. Debris from the Kinnickinnic
River was disposed in a landfill, as opposed to the sediment, which was disposed at a
confined disposal facility. For the Gowanus Canal, for most disposal options, debris can
be disposed along with the sediment and does not need to be separated.
Temporary Access Roads and Temporary Storage Area Costs for In-Situ
Stabilization
Comment #202: NYCDEP noted that the temporary access roads and temporary
storage area costs for ISS were not clear. The ISS process is subject to the same
space and other canal limitations and the production rate might need to be adjusted
similarly to the dredging rate. Additional equipment might be needed to maintain the
proposed ISS operations or delays might be incurred.
Response #202: These considerations will be analyzed in detail during the remedial
design and detailed costs will be derived accordingly.
Space and Other Canal Constraints
Comment #203: NYCDEP asserts that space and other canal constraints impacting the
dredging operations will also affect cap placement operations.
Response #203: These constraints will be analyzed in detail during the remedial design.
Water Treatment System Proposed for Treating Water Within Temporary Sheet
Pile Cells
Comment #204: NYCDEP asserts that the water treatment system proposed for treating
the water within the temporary sheet pile cells does not have redundancy in
components, does not have excess capacity to treat decontamination water or surface
runoff and its operation does not incorporate downtime for media change out.
Response #204: The description of the water treatment system for treating the water
within the temporary sheet pile cells is conceptual in nature. The components of the
water treatment system will be developed during the remedial design.
V-136
Long-Term Monitoring and Maintenance Program for Sediment Cap
Comment #205: NYCDEP noted that the long-term monitoring and maintenance
program for the sediment cap does not address PAH contamination. It is unclear how
the assumed five percent replacement of the cap footprint every ten years will be
accomplished. The need to replace the oleophillic materials in the cap has not been
addressed; including costs for design and construction oversight, dredging of the canal
to remove the old cap and accumulated sediment, and disposal of these materials, cost
for placement of new multi-layered cap could be approximately $200 million per round
of replacement.
Response #205: The operation, maintenance and monitoring components of the
remedy will be developed during the remedial design.
Pre-Design Investigation, Modeling, Treatability Testing and Pilot Testing
Comment #206: National Grid, NYCDEP and the Sediment Management Workgroup
stated that additional studies are needed to finalize the remedy and to support the
remedial design. The specific studies noted to be needed include navigational studies,
groundwater modeling, hydrodynamic modeling, geotechnical investigations, cap design
and performance studies, performance standards evaluation, dredging production and
throughput evaluation, contaminant release studies, sediment re-suspension and
contaminant release control evaluations, operations plan, monitoring and management
plan, field pilot studies, handling and transport study, sediment treatability studies,
beneficial use studies, landfill investigation and others.
Response #206: While the EPA believes that it is appropriate to complete such studies
and plans prior to implementation of the remedy, there is sufficient information at this
time to move forward with remedy selection. As is customary, additional confirmatory
data gathering, evaluations and plans will be completed during the remedial design.
The remedial design phase will begin with the identification of the data needed to
support the specifics of the design.
Adaptive Management
Comment #207: National Grid commented on the need for an adaptive management
approach resulting from remaining uncertainties regarding specific design requirements
for remedy components, such as for example dredging, capping, and sediment
disposal. It was noted that the ROD should contain language that allows for the
application of alternative methods and techniques that are acceptable to the EPA. It
was further commented that the ROD should be flexible enough to allow application of
such potential alternatives and allow for real-time modification of the remedy even while
it is being implemented. Such an adaptive management approach will enable the
parties to work together to design an appropriate and sustainable remedy.
V-137
It was noted that, going forward, the EPA should utilize an adaptive management
approach consistent with the Adaptive Management Technical Guide published by the
U. S. Department of Interior. This technical guide describes adaptive management as
an "iterative process of management, monitoring, and evaluation" that "actively engages
stakeholders in all phases of a project over its timeframe, facilitating mutual learning
and reinforcing the commitment to learning-based management." Adaptive
management also involves "ongoing, real-time learning and knowledge creation" with
the objective of achieving an "improved understanding and improved management over
time.
Response #207: The EPA is committed to an adaptive management approach during
the implementation of the remedy for the Gowanus Canal. Confirmatory investigations
will be performed during the remedial design in order to collect additional data on which
to base the design specifics. For example, the Proposed Plan provided a conceptual
design for the active cap that included a 6-inch or one-foot adsorptive layer. Final
determination on the active cap configuration will be made during the design based on
the additional collected data.
From the start of the project, the EPA has consistently informed and provided multiple
opportunities for meaningful input to the community and stakeholders. The EPA
continues to be committed to involving and working closely with the community and
stakeholders, throughout the project's design and construction phases. The EPA is
committed to keeping the public informed of the progress of the remedial design and
remedial action activities.
Retention Tank Community Effects
Comment #208: NYCDEP states that community effects of belowground tanks for CSO
controls were not considered.
Response #208: As mentioned in previous responses, NYCDEP has already built and
operates below-ground CSO storage tanks and facilities in NYC with no adverse effects
to the surrounding communities.
Community Involvement
Comment #209: A commenter noted that the EPA has been actively engaged with the
public at this Site. The commenter asked what future communications with the
community can be expected after the ROD is signed.
Response #209: The EPA is fully committed to continue the same level of interaction
with the community as in the past throughout the design and remediation process.
While formal public comment is limited under the Superfund process to the Proposed
Plan and selected legal settlements, the EPA intends to continue to be publicly available
and to seek the community’s valued input. The EPA’s ultimate goal is a protective
remedy which is informed by the input of and beneficial to all of the interested
stakeholders.
V-138
Comment #210: A commenter asked whether or not Site-related documents are
available to the public.
Response #210: At every Superfund site, the EPA establishes information repositories
to provide the public access to supporting documentation. Copies of supporting
documentation for the Site are available on-line at http://www.epa.gov/
region02/superfund/npl/gowanus/ and at three information repositories: Carroll Gardens
Library, 396 Clinton St., Brooklyn, NY; Joseph Miccio Community Center, 110 West 9th
Street, Brooklyn, Nandi the EPA-Region II Superfund Records Center, 290 Broadway,
18th Floor, New York, NY.
Comment #211: Two commenters asked how public comment is considered in the
remedy selection process.
Response #211: The EPA relies on public input to ensure that the concerns of the
community are considered in selecting an effective remedy for each Superfund site.
Community input is one of nine evaluation criteria the EPA uses to evaluate site
remedies. The EPA does not select a remedy until after considering all of the
comments that are received during the public comment period.
Comment #212: Two commenters asked whether or not there would be additional public
meetings during the comment period.
Response #212: Follow up meetings were held with the CAG on February 11, 2013, the
Red Hook community on February 13, 2013, the residents of public housing located
immediately north of the canal on March 27, 2013, the Red Hook community on April
16, 2013, the CAG on April 23, 2013 and the residents of public housing in Red Hook
on April 25, 2013 to further engage the community in conversation about the details of
the proposed cleanup plan.
Comment #213: A commenter asked that the EPA provide a well-publicized proposed
cleanup schedule and a tentative community/EPA meeting schedule. Another
commenter requested that local residents and other stakeholders receive notification of
the EPA's expected timeline for the project and of potential meeting and feedback
opportunities. A third commenter stated that the CAG proposed that a local public
information center be provided.
Response #213: From the start of the project, the EPA has consistently informed and
provided multiple opportunities for meaningful input to the community and stakeholders.
The EPA continues to be committed to involving and working closely with the
community and stakeholders, throughout the project's design and construction phases.
The EPA is committed to continue to keep the public informed as to what is going on
and what is planned at the Site via its website and community meetings. The EPA will
consider the establishment of a local public information center.
V-139
Comment #214: A commenter complained that contradictory and confusing information
was disseminated by the EPA with respect to the planned construction of a waste
treatment/dewatering facility in Red Hook.
Response #214: Due to the technically complex issues at the Site, the EPA greatly
augmented its interaction with the community beyond what is typical for the Superfund
remedy selection process. The intent of the two public meetings and the follow up
meetings was to clarify the issues in a clear and concise manner. The EPA also met
with the CAG, which is composed primarily of local community group representatives
whose role in part is to disseminate information to their groups. The EPA also provided
documentary materials on our website.
In the Proposed Plan, the EPA proposed a potential location for dewatering the dredged
sediments and for stabilizing the sediments. As was noted at several of the public
meetings and follow up meetings, the specific details related to the dewatering and
treatment processes, such as its location, will be determined during the remedial
design.
Comment #215: Several commenters expressed concern that the large Spanish-
speaking population that lives in the Gowanus area is mostly uninformed and
uninvolved in the cleanup process due to the language barrier. Another commenter
expressed concern that many of the Spanish-speaking residents were not aware of the
fact that the levels of contamination in the canal pose serious health risks. Several
commenters requested that the EPA ensure that the Hispanic and Latino residents and
businesses have equal opportunity and access to information about the Superfund
public processes and have the opportunity to participate in the planning discussions and
meetings involving the future of the neighborhood. The commenters expressed a desire
for more direct outreach and engagement during the design and implementation
phases.
Response #215: Flyers in Spanish announcing the January 23 and 24, 2013 public
meetings were distributed and fact sheets in Spanish were provided at the meetings. In
addition, simultaneous Spanish translation was provided at both public meetings.
Despite posted warnings, the canal is regularly used for fishing, particularly subsistence
fishing by several separate EJ communities surrounding the canal. The fact sheets (in
both Spanish and English) that were distributed at the above-noted public meetings
stated “the EPA recommends that the public avoid direct contact with canal water and
sediment due to risks from exposure to toxic chemicals, and the risk from exposure to
elevated levels of bacteria carried in the sewage from CSOs. No one should eat any
fish or crab from the canal.” The EPA has also provided dual-language risk information
on its website. The EPA has also sought to have the CAG include representative
members of a broad range of constituencies.
The EPA believes that the selected remedy will reduce risks to these communities by
reducing sources which contribute to these risks. Because the selected remedy will not
fully eliminate the need for fishing advisories due to contaminants from New York
V-140
Harbor, the EPA intends to continue to coordinate fishing advisory education and
awareness efforts with the appropriate governmental agencies.
The EPA will continue to engage the entire community throughout the design and
implementation phases of the project.
Comment #216: A commenter stated that Red Hook residents have not had significant
involvement in the Gowanus Canal Superfund process or the CAG until very recently
and therefore, has had limited opportunity to develop a trusting relationship with the
EPA. The commenter also stated because of the Red Hook community’s late
involvement, the residents were surprised to learn that a CDF was proposed for their
community.
Response #216: The EPA sought to have the CAG include representatives from a
broad range of constituencies to ensure that Red Hook and other neighborhoods are
engaged in the process.
The EPA also held meetings in Red Hook to increase awareness in that community.
The draft FS report, which identified a CDF option, was released to the public in
December 2011. The EPA held an informal Red Hook meeting on January 19, 2012 for
representatives of various Red Hook community organizations. At this meeting the
concept of the CDF was discussed and it was noted that two locations were under
consideration–the 4th Street turning basin or in Red Hook. A public meeting to discuss
the results of the FS was held on January 24, 2012. The CDF was discussed at this
meeting and the two proposed locations under consideration were also noted. The EPA
held an informal informational meeting for the Red Hook community on March 22, 2012
to discuss the FS and the CDF.
To ensure the Red Hook community’s participation in the Proposed Plan process, one
of the two initial public meetings to discuss the proposed remedy was held in Red Hook
in an attempt to bolster the Red Hook community’s participation. In response to
questions and concerns from the Red Hook community, the EPA returned for additional
public meetings in Red Hook on February 13, 2013, April 16, 2013 and April 25, 2013.
Comment #217: A commenter requested that the EPA’s Gowanus Canal EJ
Assessment and Community Involvement Plan (CIP) be shared with the CAG prior to
the finalization of the ROD to ensure that the current and upcoming community needs
are addressed and to ensure that a preliminary burden analysis is performed that takes
into account the impact of the retention tank(s), as well as the possible CDF or
dewatering in Red Hook or Sunset Park, and the environmental burdens that could
result to these particular communities.
Response #217: The EPA provided a draft CIP to the CAG on August 27, 2013 so that
the CAG could assess whether the community’s concerns have been adequately
characterized. The draft CIP includes the EJ Assessment. The EPA made revisions to
the CIP in September 2013 based on the community input.
V-141
Comment #218: Friends of Community Board Six, Inc. commented that in considering
the proposed remedial alternatives and the lack of access to professional and objective
technical assistance for members of the community has become a significant constraint.
The group requested a written response to its Technical Assistance Grant (TAG)
application. The TAG would provide funding that would give the community access to
such resources.
Response #218: The EPA conducted a number of meetings with the public and the
CAG to explain various aspects of the remedy. The EPA also provided technical
assistance to the community through “Technical Assistance Services for Communities”
(TASC)27 technical advisors. The technical advisors reviewed the EPA’s RI/FS reports
and provided the CAG with reports with a focus on issues raised by the CAG.
A letter was sent to the Friends of Community Board Six, Inc. on August 12, 2013
indicating that based on the group’s ranking against the other applicants, it was not
selected for the grant. The TAG was awarded to Friends and Residents of Greater
Gowanus in 2012.
Post-Remediation Restoration
Comment #219: A commenter noted that the canal was originally constructed from a
creek to open the area to barge traffic, flush away sewage, receive stormwater and
drain the adjacent marshes for development. The commenter asked whether or not
some of the areas around the canal could be restored as wetlands to capture the water
as it collects to prevent flooding.
Response #219: While extensive restoration of the wetlands is not possible since the
vast majority of the shoreline of the canal is lined with retaining structures or bulkheads,
the EPA plans to include wetlands and to consider the use of soft shoreline edges in
such situations where it may be possible and appropriate. The remedy includes the
excavation and restoration of the majority of the filled-in 1st Street turning basin, a small
portion of filled-in 5th Street turning basin beneath the 3rd Avenue bridge and the
dredging of the 4th, 6th, 7th and 11th Street turning basins. The EPA plans to consider
sloped, wetland-style restoration for the 1st and 5th Street portions. It is possible that
wetlands could be created at the terminus of the 4th, 6th, 7th and 11th Street turning
basins. During the design process, and in consultation with the PRPs and the public,
the EPA will also consider whether other areas may be appropriate for additional
wetland areas. The flat topography is the dominant factor in how flooding impacts areas
27 TASC provides funding for technical assistance to communities affected by hazardous waste
sites. The funds are used to hire non-EPA experts to explain hazardous waste issues and
interpret the EPA’s plans for cleaning up that waste.
V-142
around the canal. As a result, the addition of minor areas of wetlands is unlikely to add
sufficient water capture to provide any noticeable improvement.
It should be noted that NYCDEP is undertaking a green infrastructure effort28 that will
result in an estimated 10 percent CSO reduction in stormwater discharges to the entire
canal over an extended period of time (20-30 years). In addition, a pilot project for the
Gowanus “Sponge Park,” supported by federal and NYC grants, is currently under way
for the control of street runoff along the Gowanus Canal using green street ends.29
Comment #220: A commenter asked whether the installation of a barrier wall alone at
the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site will be sufficient to address the
contamination problem.
Response #220: A remedy has not yet been selected for the former Fulton MGP State
Superfund site. In order to comply with the EPA’s projected schedule for the
coordinated cleanup of the upland areas and the canal, National Grid, after consultation
with NYSDEC, agreed to accelerate the installation of a barrier wall at the facility as an
interim remedial measure (IRM). This IRM is likely to be one of several components of
the remedy that will ultimately be selected for the facility. While a barrier wall will
reduce the migration of contamination from the facility to the canal, it will not remove the
sources of contamination at the facility.
Sediment and Contaminant Mass Balance
Comment #221: NYCDEP asserts that a sediment and contaminant mass balance is
needed.
Response #221: Development of a quantitative sediment and contaminant mass
balance for the canal is not feasible or beneficial at this point. The canal is subject to
constantly changing inputs, which makes it difficult to precisely quantify sediment and
contaminant mass balances. Changes include the frequency, size and nature of storm
events; the ongoing development in the watershed and the variable Flushing Tunnel
operations. Furthermore, broader changes in sediment and contaminant transport
conditions in the canal may occur after implementation of the WWFP. In particular,
rehabilitating the Flushing Tunnel will increase its average capacity by 40 percent, and
reconstructing the Gowanus pump station and replacing the force main will reduce the
annual volume of CSO discharges to the canal by 34 percent in a typical precipitation
year, while the CSO solids load at the head of the canal (outfall RH-034) will increase
by approximately five percent and still contribute 97 percent of the CSO solids load to
the upper reach of the canal. These improvements are scheduled to be completed in
28 A network of open spaces and natural areas, such as rooftop gardens and vegetated swales,
which naturally manage stormwater, thereby reducing storm runoff into the storm sewers.
29 Green street ends employ vegetation planted between the end of the street and the canal to
prevent particulate matter and oils from discharging into the canal.
V-143
2014. While the net effect of these changes can be best quantified after the
improvements are completed, other planned and anticipated storm sewer separation
and redevelopment projects thereafter will continue to alter the CSO loadings, creating
a steadily moving and variable baseline condition.
The EPA’s review of the existing record regarding the canal resulted in a conclusion
consistent with NYCDEP’s prior findings, that extensive data and studies had been
performed:
“The City has been studying the CSO problems in Gowanus Canal for decades.”
(NYCDEP, 2008, Appendix H, page 12).
“As part of the Gowanus Canal and Bay Ecological Restoration Project and other
environmental studies, extensive environmental sampling has been conducted in
the Canal to evaluate the quality of sediments.” NYCDEP, 2009, page 7.
As noted elsewhere, the EPA has reviewed modeling reports developed by the USACE,
NYCDEP and National Grid relating to the various aspects of transport to and within the
canal. NYCDEP has, to date, declined to provide its model to the EPA. The EPA
believes that more than adequate information has been collected, to date, upon which
to base a remedial decision and to move in a timely manner to address the potential
human health and ecological risks. As NYCDEP noted with respect to its 2009 proposal
for a Superfund alternative cleanup plan:
The entire lifecycle of the project through remedial construction completion would
take just over nine years, significantly shorter than the average New York State
Superfund listing. The City believes that the critical advantage of the shorter
cleanup provided by the Alternative Cleanup Plan will be sooner elimination of
potential human health and environmental exposures. NYCDEP, 2009, page 31.
For purposes of its Proposed Plan comments, NYCDEP has performed a simplified
chemical mass balance calculation that attempts to reflect the observed surface
sediment contaminant levels in the upper reach of the canal by mathematically “mixing”
various ratios of contaminant concentrations in CSO solids and suspended sediments
from Upper New York Harbor. NYCDEP argues that the lack of agreement between
observed and modeled surface sediment concentrations indicates that “there is no
correlation between sediment inputs and contaminant burden in the canal.” As noted
previously, the EPA does not agree that the lack of a good fit between a simplified
calculation and observed surface sediment concentrations in the upper canal indicates
that CSOs do not have a substantial influence on sediment quality, or that there is no
correlation between sediment inputs and the contaminant load in the canal. The more
likely explanation for the lack of agreement is that this calculation is not adequate for
predicting the contaminant distribution patterns in this type of setting. The chemical
mass balance calculation relies on several key assumptions that are not likely to be
valid for the Gowanus canal setting, including the assumptions that (1) the average
concentration of each contaminant on CSO and harbor solids does not change over
time; (2) the average concentration of each contaminant measured in CSO and surface
V-144
water samples accurately represents a long-term average; (3) the relative contributions
of CSO solids and harbor solids to the upper reach of the canal do not change over
time, and (4) no post-depositional chemical, physical or biological weathering or
degradation take place after the solids are deposited. The continuously changing
conditions in the Gowanus Canal watershed and the variability in the CSO and Flushing
Tunnel discharges create complex conditions that are not easily modeled, particularly
by the simplified chemical mass balance calculation used by NYCDEP.
Relative Magnitude of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Sources
Comment #222: NYCDEP and National Grid noted that there are uncertainties in
determining the relative magnitude of PAH sources and identifying specific sources of
the PAHs found in surface sediments.
Response #222: The EPA has identified a number of sources of PAHs to the canal,
including the former MGP facilities, CSOs, unpermitted outfalls, contaminated
groundwater discharge from upland sites other than the former MGP facilities and
stormwater runoff. These sources need to be controlled as part of the remedy.
In August 2012, National Grid collected sediment cores to a depth of four feet in the
upper reach of the canal north of Union Street, as well as from the areas adjacent to
CSO outfalls RH-035 and OH-007 in the middle reach of the canal and RH-031 in the
lower reach. Sediment samples from the cores were analyzed for a variety of chemical
constituents. The sample results, which were reviewed by the EPA and include an
analysis of the nature of the PAH mixtures in the samples, indicate that the PAHs in the
shallow sediments (top two feet) in the upper reach of the canal, which is the layer most
heavily impacted by CSO solids relative to other sources of contamination, originate
from a mix of petrogenic (petroleum related) and pyrogenic (combustion-related)
sources. A mix of PAHs from petrogenic and pyrogenic sources is also seen in the
cores collected near the CSO outfalls in the middle and lower reaches of the canal, with
considerable variation between individual samples and cores. These results indicate
that the shallower (top two to four feet) sediments near the CSO outfalls are not
dominated by tar-related (pyrogenic) contamination from the former MGP facilities, but
rather contain a mix of PAH types from various sources. Given the complexity of and
variation in PAH mixtures in different parts of the canal and the complexity of the Site
setting, it would be nearly impossible to quantify the contribution of PAHs from each
source. Although the information on the mix of PAHs in the sediment is useful for
identifying sources that need to be controlled in order to ensure the sustainability of the
remedy, these contributions do not need to be quantified in order to select a remedy for
the canal sediments. The selected remedy includes measures to address each of the
sources.
As discussed in an earlier response, the mass of PAHs transported into the canal by
groundwater discharge is considered to be low compared to other sources.
Nevertheless, upland sites with the potential for discharging contaminated groundwater
to the canal have been referred to and will be investigated by NYSDEC as part of the
source control strategy. Furthermore, unpermitted pipes will be either sealed or
permitted as part of the remedy and, therefore, their contributions need not be
V-145
quantified. Finally, direct runoff is considered to be a less significant contaminant
transport pathway for PAHs and other contaminants to the canal compared to CSOs
and the former MGP facilities (only six percent of the watershed is unsewered and the
land surrounding the canal is relatively level.)
Bathymetric Change Analysis
Comment #223: NYCDEP noted that there is uncertainty in the analysis of bathymetric
changes in the upper canal from 2003 to 2010
Response #223: The EPA’s 2010 bathymetric survey and analysis presented in the RI
report indicates that the shallow sediments (top one to three feet) in the upper reach of
the canal (north of 3rd Street) were recently deposited (i.e., after the 2003 bathymetric
survey). The details regarding the methodology used to compare the two surveys and
the limitations of the comparisons are provided in Appendix B of the RI report. The
combined error of the 2003 and 2010 surveys used in the analysis was determined to
be as high as +0.6 feet, with greater uncertainty in shoreline areas and less uncertainty
along the centerline or deepest part of the channel. The elevation changes between
Sackett and 3rd Streets in the upper canal were on the order of one foot to greater than
three feet, which are higher than the uncertainty of the surveys (elevation changes
within +0.6 feet were not quantified). Although the level of certainty varies by location in
the canal, the objective of the bathymetric change analysis was to broadly characterize
elevation changes within each reach of the canal rather than determine changes on a
small-scale (i.e., location-specific) basis.
Vessel Activity as Sediment Transport Mechanism
Comment #224: NYCDEP questioned whether vessel activity in the middle reach of the
canal was sufficient to explain the lack of sediment accumulation.
Response #224: The RI/FS attributed the lack of sediment accumulation in the middle
reach of the canal between 2003 and 2010 to sediment re-suspension and redistribution
by propeller wash from vessel activity. The Vessel Impacts Study completed by
National Grid in December 2012 concluded that sediments were regularly mobilized into
the water column by vessel activity in the middle reach of the canal due to changes in
flow patterns and velocities around tugs and barges, propeller wash and vessel
groundings. The number of vessel trips into the canal from 2008 to 2012 was estimated
at 376 to 532 trips per year, and evidence of vessel disturbance on the sediment bed
can be seen in the high resolution multibeam bathymetric surveys performed by
National Grid in 2010 and 2011. This detailed information confirmed and expanded the
interpretation provided in the RI/FS and will be incorporated into the refined CSM for the
canal.
Nonaqueous Phase Liquid Migration Estimates
Comment #225: NYCDEP and the PRP Group assert that NAPL loading estimates
should be developed.
V-146
Response #225: NAPL mass transport rates are difficult to obtain in this particular
setting and will vary substantially throughout the canal. NAPL beneath the canal bottom
exists as a separate phase from the groundwater and flows as a separate phase along
preferential pathways. Certain conservative design assumptions will have to be made
for different areas within the canal based on specific data collected within a particular
area. These design assumptions will be refined as the CSM evolves through additional
data during the remedial design. NAPL source removal and containment walls have
been selected for the Public Place former MGP facility. These measures should
eliminate lateral NAPL flow and may also reduce flow from beneath the canal by
decreasing NAPL pressure. The EPA anticipates that similar control measures will be
applied to the Fulton and Metropolitan former MGP State Superfund sites. Because it is
not technically feasible to excavate NAPL beneath the canal, a cap is the necessary
and appropriate remedial approach for the canal bottom. The NAPL transport rate from
beneath the canal is, therefore, only relevant to the design of the cap, not to selection of
the cap as a remedial component.
Watershed-Based Conceptual Site Model
Comment #226: The Gowanus Conservancy noted that a complete and accurate
understanding of the dynamics of the entire Gowanus Canal watershed is needed in
order to achieve a successful and sustainable remedy.
Response #226: The EPA’s CSM, which will be refined during remedial design and
remedy implementation, considers the broader watershed perspective. Over 90 percent
of the watershed is sewered and the CSO and stormwater conveyance systems are
integral to remedial planning. The operations of the Flushing Tunnel, which connects
the canal to Upper New York Bay, are also an important component of the CSM and
remedial planning efforts. The new “background” sediment and water quality conditions
that will be established in the canal after the remedy implementation are directly related
to the regional watershed and harbor conditions. A good understanding of these
conditions is fundamental in achieving the RAOs.
As noted previously, the approach utilized in the selected remedy reduces the
parameters which will need to be refined for the CSM. Full removal of the accumulated
sediment eliminates this as a post-construction source of sediment transport. CSO
solids control measures, combined with the work currently being implemented by the
NYCDEP will significantly reduce CSO solids inputs. While suspended harbor
sediments will remain at or near their current level, to the extent that such cleaner
sediments continue to contribute to the capped canal bottom after construction, they will
do so at a relatively higher proportion than at present.
Basis for Preliminary Remedial Goal Development–Ecological Toxicity Testing
Comment #227: NYCDEP commented on the usability of the whole-sediment toxicity
test data collected by the EPA for deriving valid PRGs. The concerns focused on two
test series that did not meet performance standards and, therefore, required re-testing.
V-147
In addition, the need for re-testing raised concerns about extended holding times of test
sediment.
Response #227: The EPA believes that the test series presented in the BERA and used
to derive PRGs is valid and that the data can be used for determining sediment toxicity
in the canal for the following reasons:
 Toxicity test series are independent events and the performance of one failed series
does not reflect on the quality of a subsequent successful test series.
 The amphipods used in the tests are not cultured in the laboratory, but rather field
collected. Although two tests did not meet performance standards, the third test was
successful. It should be noted that this third test used organisms collected from a
different location than the unsuccessful tests.
 Prior to running the successful test series, a reference toxicant test was performed
using the species from the new collection site to assure their overall health. The
reference toxicant test was performed in accordance with the long-term average for
the laboratory, indicating the species were suitable for use in the tests.
 For the test series, the negative controls met performance standards.
While the extended holding time for the sediment required by the re-testing adds some
uncertainty to the tests results, the extended holding time did not invalidate the test
results for the following reasons:
 Sediments samples used for the tests were stored at 4oC in anoxic conditions per
EPA (2001a, b) and ASTM (2010a, b) guidance.
 Sufficient sediment was available from the original collection event to be used in all
re-tests.
 Guidance (EPA 2001a, b and ASTM 2010a, b) generally recommends that sediment
tests be initiated as soon as practical and before eight weeks post collection.
However, guidance (EPA 2001a, b and ASTM 2010a, b) also indicates that if the
toxicants are not labile (for example, ammonia or volatile organic compounds are
labile) and their chemistry is expected to be stable (as for example, for PAHs and
PCBs), then extended the holding times beyond eight weeks may not be of concern.
It has been shown that some contaminated sediments can be stored at 4°C for up to
12 months without significant alterations in toxicity (Tatem, 1988). Furthermore,
PAH toxicity in freshwater sediment has been shown to be stable over several years
(Mount 2011, personal communication).
The EPA has reviewed additional sediment toxicity test data that was provided by
NYCDEP and considers the data, along with the EPA’s data, to be valid and
interpretable. Furthermore, the two data sets are comparable in their uncertainties.
Therefore, the EPA considers that the data collected for the RI/FS to be representative
of Site conditions and appropriate for use in developing PRGs.
V-148
Preliminary Remediation Goal Development Methodology
Comment #228: NYCDEP expressed concern regarding the definition of a reference
envelope relative to the derivation of the PRG for total PAHs from the EPA sediment
toxicity test data set.
Response #228: Sediment toxicity investigations historically have used a variety of
approaches to classify a sample as toxic (causing adverse effect) or non-toxic
(associated with no adverse effects). One approach is to compare site samples to a
reference sample. This approach helps to evaluate whether or not toxic responses in
the site samples are due to site-specific or ambient regional conditions. For the canal
BERA and PRG development, the EPA chose to use comparison of canal stations to a
series of reference stations from Upper New York Bay and Gowanus Bay. Matching
reference stations to site stations for comparison can be problematic. Therefore, the
EPA chose to use a “reference envelope” approach to differentiate between site- and
non-site-related toxic responses. A reference envelope represents the variance in
reference endpoint response, which can be established in a number of ways depending
on the number of reference samples and endpoints (e.g., maximum or 5th percentile of
responses). For the canal BERA and PRG development, the “reference envelope” was
operationally defined as the lowest result for the reference samples tested. For
example, the reference envelope based on survival is the lowest survival measured in
the reference samples. The approach was chosen based on the number of reference
stations.
There are certainly other approaches to define a reference envelope, such as the
method described in Ingersoll and others (2009). However, the EPA believes that the
operational definition for a “reference envelope” used to develop the PRG for total PAHs
is appropriate and not overly conservative.
Comment #229: NYCDEP expressed concern regarding the definition of the no-
observable-adverse-effects-concentration (NOAEC) and lowest-observable-adverse-
effects-concentration (LOAEC) used in the PRG development.
Response #229: Some analyses define the LOAEC as the lowest exposure
concentration where the response is statistically different from the control response.
For the purpose of PRG development at the canal, the EPA defined the LOAEC and
NOAEC based on the reference envelope discussed above. Two thresholds were used
to derive PRGs from the sediment toxicity tests for the protection of benthic organisms.
The first threshold was the lowest response measured in the reference stations or the
reference envelope. A second threshold was set as a response of 20% reduction
relative to control. The lower of these two was considered the LOAEC. The PRG for
each endpoint was determined first by identifying the lowest concentration that was
outside the lower of the two thresholds and then selecting the chemical concentration
immediately below that as the NOAEC. The selection of a NOEC and LOAEC
presented in the FS report and FS report addendum was correctly done using these
operational definitions of a NOAEC and LOAEC.
Although there are other approaches for defining NOAECs/LOAECs and for deriving
PRGs, the approach used in the FS report and FS report addendum to develop the
PRG for total PAHs is appropriate and not overly conservative.
V-149
Comment #230: NYCDEP commented on the use of statistical versus graphic
estimation methods to derive a PRG for total PAHs.
Response #230: In developing the PRG for total PAHs presented in the FS report and
FS report addendum, the EPA considered two approaches as potential methods to
define PRGs. One was based on graphical estimation, using the “reference envelope”
approach described above and one based on a statistical estimation technique. Toxicity
Response Analysis Program (TRAP) software, version 1.230 was used to attempt to fit a
model to the data so that effects concentrations could be determined. In the end, the
graphical method was chosen over the statistical estimation due to the large confidence
intervals estimated by TRAP.
There are other methods to model and estimate toxic responses, the strength of each
method depends on a number of factors including the size of the data set, variability of
replicate response within a test, and the measured dose response relationship for a
given contaminant. The EPA chose to use a graphical approach because, given the
particular data set in Gowanus Canal, the graphical approach provides a method for
deriving a PRG for total PAHs that is appropriately protective and not overly
conservative. Because of the sample size and the variability of the Site-specific dose-
response relationships, there is uncertainty in the specific NOAECs and LOAECs
identified using the approach. The EPA chose to address that uncertainty by identifying
a range of NOAECs and LOAECs from the test series that bounded the operational
definitions, and then calculating a measure of their central tendency (i.e., the geometric
mean). In addition, TOC content was accounted for in the calculations given its
variability in the samples. TOC is a key parameter that influences PAH bioavailability.
Therefore, the calculations were performed on an organic carbon (OC) normalized basis
to address this variation. The geometric means of the potential OC-normalized
NOAECs and LOAECs were calculated and then converted to a dry weight basis
assuming the mean canal-wide surface sediment TOC concentration of 6 percent.
As discussed previously, the additional data provided by NYCDEP was reviewed and
considered. NYCDEP presented alternative PRGs based on its data set using a
statistical approach, as well as different expressions of the growth and reproduction
endpoints (while the EPA expressed reproduction as number of offspring per surviving
female, NYCDEP expressed it as number of offspring per surviving adult.) When using
the graphical methods employed by the EPA to develop a PRG and the same
expressions of growth and reproduction, NYCDEP data yield PRGs similar to those
developed from the EPA’s data set.
Preliminary Remediation Goals for Metals
Comment #231: NYCDEP questioned the need for development of PRGs for lead and
copper given the current geochemical conditions of the canal sediment.
30 http://www.epa.gov/med/Prods_Pubs/trap.htm.
V-150
Response #231: In the Proposed Plan, the EPA identified metals, in particular copper
and lead, as potentially contributing to unacceptable ecological risks to benthic
organisms. However, the EPA acknowledged that geochemical analyses (i.e., acid-
volatile sulfide/simultaneously extracted metals) indicated that these metals currently
are not bioavailable. Following implementation of source control measures and the
sediment remedy, sediment conditions are expected to change so that in the future,
geochemical conditions in the canal may not favor the formation of insoluble sulfides
that make these metals not bioavailable. Therefore, in order to assure the long-term
effectiveness of the sediment remedy, PRGs for copper and lead are necessary to
verify that the RAO for the protection of benthic organisms is achieved and sustained. If
PRGs are exceeded, then toxicity testing will be performed to assess the potential risks
to the benthic community. Given the uncertainty in the contribution of metals to the
degraded sediment quality in the canal, selecting reference conditions as the PRGs for
copper and lead as outlined in the FS report and FS report addendum is appropriate
and not overly conservative.
Post-Remedy Sediment Transport and Deposition
Comment #232: National Grid identified a number of specific aspects of sediment
transport and deposition that will be affected by the sediment remedy, including the
effects of the post-remedy bathymetric profile on Flushing Tunnel effectiveness and
sedimentation behavior, the possibility that enhanced sedimentation of organic-rich
solids will lead to low dissolved oxygen conditions, effects of navigation on ecological
recovery, effects of Flushing Tunnel flows on benthic habitat and effects of higher flow
velocities from implementation of some remedy components on sediment stability.
National Grid also noted:
 Canal hydrodynamics in conjunction with external factors like the Flushing Tunnel,
sediment disruption by vessels and barges and CSO flows present significant
problems for the proposed remedy.
 Hydrodynamic and sediment transport modeling indicates that solids discharged in
CSOs after the remedy is implemented will settle out and re-contaminate the surface
sediments in the canal, even with the Flushing Tunnel operational. Sand deposition
near the outfalls will continue (depending on their location) and fine sediments will
be redistributed and settle in deeper areas of the canal.
 The uncertainties related to the effects of the CSO reductions and Flushing Tunnel
improvements currently being implemented under the WWFP on sediment transport
and deposition throughout the canal must be clarified and addressed prior to remedy
selection because these effects have an impact on the recontamination potential.
Response #232: Baird and Associates, on behalf of National Grid, developed
hydrodynamic and sediment transport models to evaluate the transport and fate of
sediments under post-remedy conditions, including particle tracking to determine the
likely pathways of sediments over longer time periods. The preliminary modeling
analyses are useful and informative and the EPA agrees that modeling to better
understand sediment transport and deposition under post-remedy conditions is a key
V-151
component of the remedial design. However, it is not necessary to delay the remedy
decision so that hydrodynamic and sediment transport models can be further developed
and refined. As indicated in the EPA’s 2005 Contaminated Sediment Remediation
Guidance, “[m]anagement decisions must be made, even when information is imperfect.
There are uncertainties associated with every decision that need to be weighed,
evaluated, and communicated to affected parties. Imperfect knowledge must not
become an excuse for not making a decision” (EPA, 2005).
The hydrodynamic and sediment transport modeling documented by National Grid
illustrates some of the difficulties associated with developing a model for the canal that
represents current and predicted future conditions. For one, since no information was
made available by NYCDEP on flow and solids inputs from the CSOs, the CSOs have
not been incorporated into the model. Also, the flow measurements used to calibrate
the model were taken while the Flushing Tunnel was inactive. Flow in the canal was
driven primarily by tidal pumping which results in relatively low flow velocities with
portions of the canal being effectively stagnant. Therefore, the model could not be
calibrated or validated for the higher flows that are expected after the Flushing Tunnel is
reactivated. Nevertheless, the preliminary modeling results are a necessary first step in
preparing for remedial design which must consider the combined effects of CSO solids
loads, canal depth, Flushing Tunnel flow, dissolved oxygen concentrations, benthic
habitat, and commercial navigation.
Alternatives to Soft Sediment Removal
Comment #233: NYCDEP, National Grid and the Sediment Management Workgroup
asserts that other viable remedial alternatives for the soft sediment were arbitrarily
eliminated because they were not subjected to detailed evaluation.
Response #233: Alternatives that included partial sediment removal were included in
the FS report. These alternatives were screened using the NCP criteria of
effectiveness, implementability and cost. EPA guidance indicates that screening of
alternatives is appropriate to “aid in streamlining the feasibility study process while
ensuring the most promising alternatives are being considered.” The three screening
criteria parallel the nine criteria for detailed alternative evaluation. Therefore, the
screening of these alternatives was consistent with the NCP and EPA guidance. The
EPA considered that partial sediment removal would not be adequately effective or
implementable based on factors which include soft sediment instability, potential cap
failure, the degree of dredging needed for project implementation and future navigation
and the preference for treatment of principal threat waste.
Depth of Sheet Piles in Conceptual Design
Comment #234: NYCDEP asserts that that the depth of the sheet piles in the FS Report
is not sufficient, referencing a “rule of thumb” for embedment that typically applies to
cantilevered sheet piling (i.e., no lateral support from tieback anchorages).
V-152
Response #234: The vast majority of the bulkheads along the canal consist of historic
timber crib-style structures. These bulkheads are roughly 10 feet wide (from canal edge
back) at the surface, wider below grade, and filled with boulders and rubble. Due to the
nature of their construction, the original bulkheads cannot be removed when upgrades
are necessary. Collapses would occur, including where structures rest near or within
the width of the bulkheads. As a result, although newer appearing steel or timber
bulkheads are visible along the canal, these new sections are typically built seaward of
the older structures. During previous studies performed in collaboration with NYCDEP,
the USACE determined that the historic bulkheads were eligible for listing on the
National Register of Historic Sites. The bulkheads will, therefore, remain in place for
historic and structural purposes. Accordingly, when bulkhead replacement is discussed
in the context of the canal remedy, this term refers to upgrades which will provide
additional support to the older bulkheads which will remain in place.
In limited circumstances at the canal, a completely new bulkhead wall may need to be
installed that will need to resist lateral forces from ground surface to dredge line (a
situation where the “rule of thumb” may apply). For timber crib walls which make up the
majority of the bulkheads, the lower submerged timber cribbing is still intact and able to
resist lateral forces, and just the upper portion (i.e., above low tide) has degraded. In
this case, a shallower embedment depth for the steel sheet piling could be justified.
The FS assumed that sheet piling will include tieback anchors. During the design
phase, each section of replaced bulkhead will be designed to the specific conditions of
the location where the bulkhead is being replaced. The depth of embedment will be
determined for each section of bulkhead to be replaced and will be based on multiple
considerations specific for that section: soil strength, ability to develop tiebacks,
seepage beneath the wall, and any physical constraints.
In-Situ Stabilization Layer for Additional Strength for Bulkhead Support
Comment #235: NYCDEP asserts that the purpose of the proposed ISS layer is to
strengthen the native sediment under the cap, which suggests that the native sediment
is not competent; otherwise no ISS layer would be needed.
Response #235: The mixing of the proposed ISS layer is not intended to provide
strength for the native sediment (although that is certainly a secondary benefit), but
rather to impede the upward flux of NAPL in select portions of the canal.
Active Cap for Additional Strength for Bulkhead Support
Comment #236: NYCDEP asserts that the conceptual design assumes that the 3-foot
capping layer will provide additional support to the wall. While this may be true in the
long term, the critical time for wall stability will be during excavation of the sediment
when the cap will not be in place.
V-153
Response #236: The EPA agrees that the critical time for ensuring wall stability is
immediately following the removal of the sediment. The EPA anticipates that
improvements to or replacement of many sections of bulkheads along the canal will
occur prior to remedy implementation through the EPA’s efforts to coordinate and
expedite bulkhead replacement regardless of the extent to which such bulkhead
replacement is required for the implementation of the remedy.
Design analysis will consider all stages and sequencing of construction, sediment
removal, and cap placement. If necessary, temporary support measures can be
implemented to prevent bulkhead movement during sediment removal and cap
placement.
Pipelines, Utility Crossings and Bridges
Comment #237: NYCDEP asserts that the conceptual design does not consider the
number of pipelines, utility crossings, and bridges in the canal that will impact the ability
to construct a bulkhead in the manner proposed.
Response #237: Crossings of pipelines and other utilities will need to be identified and
specifically addressed during the design and installation of bulkhead repair,
augmentation or replacement. Bulkheads crossing utility lines will require design on a
case-by-case basis. Soldier pile/waler systems are often used to span a gap in a
bulkhead made for a utility. The solder piles can typically be spaced far enough apart to
avoid conflicts with buried utilities. Following dredging and cap construction, backfill can
be placed against the bulkhead. Relocation of individual utilities can also be considered
on a case-by-case basis, but such relocations are costly and should be kept to a
minimum.
Bridges are anticipated to be less of an issue because abutments for active bridges
have been designed and maintained so that they are not relying on the limited support
provided by soft sediment in the canal. If bulkheads adjacent to bridge abutments
require repair or replacement, the transition between the two can be developed during
the design. If dredging below bridges shows the potential to undermine abutments,
special designs may be needed.
Bulkhead Stabilization Tiebacks
Comment #238: NYCDEP asserts that the conceptual design includes tiebacks to help
stabilize the wall. There are a number of locations along the canal where structures are
located such that tiebacks cannot be installed. It is not clear that tiebacks can be
installed at a suitable depth to stabilize the wall without major excavation on adjacent
properties.
Response #238: Evaluation of individual sections of bulkheads requiring repair,
augmentation or replacement, and the means of providing the upgrade will be
performed as part of the remedial design. Placement of anchored tiebacks can be
V-154
hampered by issues such as locations of buildings, utilities, and unsuitable soils.
Sections of sheet piling can be designed for cantilever support, temporary internal
support, or other methods, as specific Site conditions necessitate. Also, grouted tieback
installation are typically drilled at an angle between 20 and 30 degrees (or as steep as
45 degrees) from the horizontal, which can put them deeper in the soil than most
surface utilities, and the drill holes can be performed with relatively small equipment,
from a barge, thus precluding the need for large excavations adjacent to the canal.
Land- or Water-Based Construction
Comment #239: NYCDEP asserts that no information is provided as to whether
installation would be land-based or water based. If land-based, there are a number of
locations where existing structures will impact access in portions of the Site. The FS
repeatedly states that the reason to dredge portions of the canal would be to allow
access to the upper reaches – what assurances are there that the bulkheads can be
installed without first removing the sediment, undermining the integrity of the existing
bulkheads. For land-based construction, it is not clear that the existing bulkheads and
the material behind the bulkheads are strong enough to support the equipment loads
necessary to construct a sheet pile wall.
Response #239: Equipment to be used for bulkhead repair, augmentation, or
replacement will likely be a combination of land-and marine-based equipment. Where it
is not feasible to deploy land-based equipment, floating equipment will be considered. If
floating equipment requires removal of four or five feet of sediment in order to float the
equipment , the existing bulkhead will be evaluated for stability following dredging. If
necessary, the bulkheads will be replaced incrementally, and the canal will be dredged
in short segments to allow for bulkhead replacement.
Sheet Piling Installation Vibrations
Comment #240: NYCDEP asserts that the vibrations from sheet pile wall installation can
destabilize or damage surrounding structures if constructed on soft materials.
Response #240: Potential damage from vibrations during sheet piling installation will be
assessed during the design phase and appropriate measures will be implemented
during construction. Design tasks could include:
 Noise and vibration background studies
 Surveys of nearby structures
 Vibration and noise limits specifications for different locations along the canal
 Vibration and noise monitoring specifications during construction
 Evaluation of the use of alternative hammers (such as a variable moment hammer or
impact hammer) during construction
V-155
Bulkhead Historic Studies
Comment #241: NYCDEP noted that the Proposed Plan refers to a historical and
archaeological study. One of the recommendations of the study was removal or
stabilization of the timber cribwork bulkheads with documentation of sample bulkheads
and potentially mitigation of the adverse effects of remediation. NYCDEP also notes
that the Proposed Plan also states: “Where new bulkhead construction is required,
bulkhead configurations that are in keeping with the historic character of the setting
should be considered.” NYCDEP opines that sheet pile bulkheads are hardly in keeping
with the historic character of the setting.
Response #241: Evaluation of the need for bulkhead replacement will be a property-
specific activity to be conducted during the design phase and will integrate
considerations from the performed historic survey.
Steel sheet piles were selected as the representative technology for bulkhead
replacement in the FS report as it would be the most economical approach. Sheet pile
bulkheads have been utilized previously at various locations along the canal.
For containment walls such as that selected as part of the Public Place former MGP
facility remedy and the interim remedial measure for the former Fulton MGP State
Superfund Site, both of which will be constructed by National Grid, a sealed bulkhead
would be inconsistent with drilling numerous holes into the bulkhead to affix a facing.
Similarly, at properties where active barging is conducted, the timber facing may be
damaged by vessels.
Some modifications to a typical sheet pile installation could be made, where
appropriate, such as use of timber facing consistent with the existing crib wall pattern on
new sheet piling. Cost and implementation issues may, however, limit the use of such
facing. In addition, based on the EPA’s most recent discussions with the State Historic
Preservation Office regarding bulkheads, the use of imitation materials is generally not
favored. The appropriate combination of approaches will be considered for individual
parcels during the design phase.
Catastrophic Effects of Bulkhead Failure
Comment #242: NYCDEP stated that the implications of failure of a significant portion of
the bulkheads along the canal due to dredging operations can be catastrophic but are
given little consideration in the FS. No evaluation was done assessing the potential
impact of reducing the depth of dredging on the need to replace the bulkheads.
Response #242: The FS assumes that improvement or replacement of bulkheads is
necessary to prevent failure as a result of dredging operations. Alternatives to steel
sheet piling, or augmentation with other technologies to provide containment of any
existing contamination behind the bulkhead, will be considered on a property-specific
basis as part of the design.
V-156
The selection of a remedy for sediments within the canal is not dependent upon
performing a detailed investigation and analysis of the bulkhead along each property
along the canal. This detailed analysis is typically part of the remedial design.
Potential Releases from Behind Bulkheads
Comment #243: The PRP Group noted that the Proposed Plan does not explain how
the sediment remedy will deal with new releases of contaminants from behind the
bulkheads that may occur if the sediment remedy is implemented before bulkhead
replacement or repair. The PRP Group also noted that the Proposed Plan does not
indicate whether bulkheads are being considered in some areas as an engineered
source control structure.
Response #243: The groundwater model quantified the discharge of groundwater to the
canal. In areas of low groundwater discharge, impermeable barriers may be effective
without significant groundwater mounding. If needed, treatment gates could be
incorporated into the bulkhead wall design to funnel groundwater through the treatment
gate, allowing for discharge of treated groundwater to the canal. In low impact areas,
permeable treatment barriers could potentially be used to address groundwater impacts
before discharge to the canal. The former MGP facilities constitute the major
groundwater impacts to the canal from upland sites. It is anticipated that the barriers at
the primary sources (i.e., the former MGP facilities) will be in place before the
remediation of the canal commences from the top of the canal to the bottom. The
remaining upland sites with much lesser groundwater impacts to the canal have been
referred to NYSDEC and the groundwater contamination will be addressed in their
remedy selection. In the interim, measures will be taken to mitigate groundwater
impacts to the canal.
In some areas, mobile NAPL appears to be present in the cribbing of the existing
bulkheads and in soils immediately behind the cribbing. In cases where such
contamination is severe and where it is located at elevations which could allow it to flow
back into the canal, it may be necessary to design bulkheads to function as engineered
source control structures. This will be evaluated as the design process proceeds.
Responsibility for Bulkhead Repair
Comment #244: NYCDEP asserts that the implications of failure of a significant portion
of the bulkheads along the canal due to dredging operations can be catastrophic but are
given little consideration in the FS report. No evaluation was done assessing the
potential impact of reducing the depth of dredging on the need to replace the bulkheads.
Response #244: The responsibility for the bulkhead-related work will vary, depending
on the nature of the work required. In the absence of the dredging remedy, property
owners are legally required to maintain their bulkheads in a structurally-adequate
manner and which does not result in soil or materials falling into the canal.
National Grid will be responsible for constructing any containment walls as part of the
former MGP facility cleanups; the depths of these designs should permit dredging to
V-157
occur. The EPA has conducted preliminary negotiations with developers and property
owners who wish to upgrade their bulkheads at their own expense and are willing to
construct deeper bulkheads which will not require temporary shoring. As noted
previously, the EPA intends to facilitate and standardize such work to the extent
practicable in order to make it as cost-effective as possible. Between former MGP
facility-related and owner-related work, the EPA anticipates that a significant portion
(25-40%) of the bulkheads may be upgraded at a cost which is outside of the selected
remedy amount.
In early August 2013, a partial bulkhead collapse occurred at the Benson Metals facility
on Smith Street. On August 16, 2013, the EPA issued an administrative consent order
for Benson Metals to conduct a CERCLA removal action which will include, among
other things, removal of the debris in the canal and construction of a upgraded bulkhead
which will not require temporary shoring. The EPA is coordinating with the other
involved agencies regarding this order, which may serve as a template for similar
additional bulkhead work.
On August 22, 2013, a partial bulkhead collapse also occurred at a facility adjoining
Benson Metals, the Greco Bros. Ready Mix Concrete Co., Inc. The EPA has requested
that the owner submit reports regarding the stability of the bulkhead, and may enter into
an additional administrative order for bulkhead repairs, if necessary. The EPA
recognizes the potential extent of the issue, which presents a problem regardless of the
depth of dredging in the selected remedy.
For the remaining parcels, the EPA anticipates that temporary shoring will typically be
required. The purpose of the temporary shoring is to support the existing bulkheads;
the bulkheads will not normally be repaired. The PRPs will generally be responsible for
these remedy-related costs. It is possible that project-related work may cause damages
which require repairs for which the PRPs will also be responsible. The EPA intends to
work with the property owners in cases where substandard bulkheads remain, and, if
necessary, with NYC and other agencies, to enforce the bulkhead standards. If the
continued presence of such substandard bulkheads is judged to present a threat to the
integrity of the canal remedy, available CERCLA authorities and/or resources would be
used as necessary to ensure their repair.
Cost Burden for Bulkhead Upgrade/Stabilization
Comment #245: Community Board Six noted that the capital costs should include the
cost of bulkhead upgrade/stabilization, which is expensive. The PRPs should bear
those costs, and non-PRP property owners should not have to shoulder the cost of
bulkhead work that is necessary because of the remedies selected.
Response #245: As noted above, the responsibility for the bulkhead-related work will
vary, depending on the nature of the work required. In the absence of the dredging
remedy, property owners are legally required to maintain their bulkheads in a
structurally-adequate manner and which does not result in soil or materials falling into
the canal.
V-158
If a non-PRP property owner’s bulkhead is in adequate condition, that property owner is
not expected to bear the cost of temporary shoring which is necessary for the dredging
or of any repairs for damage that may occur.
If any property owners wish to upgrade their bulkheads, the EPA will seek to coordinate
and facilitate that work, as described above, in order to minimize the owner’s costs and
streamline the process.
Plan for Minimizing Bulkhead Upgrade/Stabilization Disruptions
Comment #246: Community Board Six noted that the bulkhead upgrade and
stabilization work has the potential to be extremely disruptive to existing property
owners and businesses. Community Board Six asked about a plan for minimizing
interruptions to existing businesses and compensating for temporary relocations if
needed, business losses, and other undue negative economic impacts.
Response #246: The bulkhead condition and the associated upgrade and stabilization
work that will be required will need to be assessed on a property-by-property basis. The
degree of disruption will also vary accordingly. A limited number of businesses utilize
commercial navigation. These businesses will require the most coordination. The EPA
anticipates that the majority of the temporary shoring and bulkhead work will be
performed from the canal; however, tie-backs and other work, including structural
assessments, will occur on the property. As the dredging progresses down the canal,
remedial work is not expected to occur in any location for an extended period of time.
As a result, most businesses should not experience significant operational disruptions.
Business interruption compensation may be available in appropriate circumstances.
The EPA will work with the PRPs and the property owners to limit disruptions to the
extent possible.
Use of Soft Edges in Bulkhead Design
Comment #247: Community Board Six urged the integration of soft edges as an
alternative to metal bulkheads wherever practicable, and the introduction of flora and
fauna appropriate for the absorption of run-off and natural treatment of contaminants
and toxins that may be present.
Response #247: The use of soft edges will be considered where appropriate. In
general, the structural requirements of the bulkheads and the configuration of buildings
and structures limit the areas where soft edges can be implemented. Green street ends
are more readily implemented, since these do not require the same structural
considerations. The EPA supports the use of green street ends, which may be
configured to tie into soft canal edges in certain areas. In general, construction of soft
edges will require the voluntary cooperation of individual property owners. Soft edges
as an alternative to metal bulkheads above an appropriate water level could be used
where practicable with natural treatment systems installed to absorb, reduce or treat
stormwater runoff. The EPA intends to review the use of soft edges in the restoration of
the 1st Street basin and the area of the 4th Street basin beneath the 3rd Avenue bridge.
The EPA will continue to interact with the stakeholders and community on issues
relating to bulkheads, including soft edges, during remedial design.
V-159
Quantification of Groundwater Impacts
Comment #248: The PRP Group and NYCDEP assert that groundwater impacts on the
canal have not been evaluated by the EPA and the flux of contaminants to the canal
has not been quantified.
Response #248: Based on the analysis presented below, contaminant discharge to the
canal through groundwater is low compared to other sources. NYCDEP and National
Grid, provided estimates of the groundwater flux to the canal based on groundwater
models. These two estimates agreed within 25 percent of each other, which is relatively
close considering two different groundwater models were used. A more detailed
estimate provided the groundwater discharge based on the characteristics of each
remedial target area.
The EPA reviewed the distribution of total PAH concentrations in groundwater in
monitoring wells that border the canal screened in the shallow or intermediate water
bearing zones, which are the primary discharge to the canal, and pore water data
provided by National Grid. The monitoring well data exhibited a wide range of
concentrations, as did the pore water data. Histograms of the groundwater total PAH
concentrations illustrated that the data are not normally distributed and using the mean
groundwater concentration to calculate mass flux is not representative of prevailing
conditions. Use of the median value would be more appropriate in this case.
Evaluation of the range of pore water total PAH concentrations also indicated that using
a median total PAH concentration in conjunction with the groundwater discharge rates
provides a more representative estimate of the mass flux resulting from groundwater
discharge.
Estimates of total PAH mass flux were calculated using both the median and mean
concentrations for each RTA (based on EPA data, which was comparable to that of the
commenter), and the RTA-specific groundwater discharge rates and pore water
concentrations provided by National Grid. The resulting estimates of total PAH
discharge rates to the canal are presented in Table 9, below, and exhibit a wide
variation ranging from 19 to 1,500 kg/yr. The mean groundwater concentration estimate
is significantly higher but, as noted previously, the mass flux calculations performed
using the mean concentrations are not considered representative. The estimated mass
discharge calculated using the median pore water concentration is considered the most
representative of the four values. Median pore water concentrations represent the
equilibrium PAH concentrations in near surface sediment associated pore water
throughout the canal and are indicative of what may actually be fluxing into the surface
water. Furthermore, the data set includes a wide range of pore water concentrations,
and has appropriate spatial coverage, including several samples in the central, most
contaminated portion of the canal.
V-160
Table 9: Total PAH Mass Discharge Rates for Different Concentration Statistics
Concentration Statistic Total PAH* Mass Discharge Rate (kg/yr)
Groundwater Data – Median Concentration 49
Pore Water Data – Median 19
Concentration**
Groundwater Data – Mean Concentration** 1,500
Pore Water Data – Mean Concentration 130
*Total PAH is the sum of the 16 priority pollutant PAHs and 2-methylnaphthalene.
** Italics denote values determined using mean concentrations, which are not as representative as the
median. Bold denotes most representative mass loading estimate.
The EPA’s analysis indicates that the total PAH discharge to the entire canal from
groundwater is in the order of 20 kg/yr. Given the relatively small magnitude of this
release pathway, a groundwater remedy which includes extraction and treatment is not
warranted and would not be cost effective.
The EPA believes that the selected remedy contains an appropriate array of prioritized
measures to address the array of sources at the canal, including the sediments, the
former MGP facilities, CSOs, and upland source areas to groundwater. The EPA has
developed a schedule to coordinate the prioritized implementation of the remedy. The
EPA agrees that it would be beneficial to accelerate, to the extent possible, remedial
work to address groundwater source areas at National Grid’s former MGP facilities (of
which NYCDEP owns Public Place and Thomas Greene Park), and at other potential
upland sources areas owned by various parties, including NYCDEP (Hamilton Street
asphalt plant).
Groundwater Discharge as Source
Comment #249: NYCDEP asserts that groundwater discharge is the primary source of
PAH contamination to surface water in the canal, as well as the entire sediment column,
including the surface sediment.
Response #249: NYCDEP is using data which show PAH impacts in the surface water
of the canal as a basis to attribute the impacts to the NAPL and groundwater discharge
and to dispute that the CSO discharges are a contributor to surface water impacts. The
EPA considers all three sources, NAPL, groundwater discharge and CSO discharges to
be contributors to of PAHs to the canal surface water. The selected remedy provides
controls for all three of these sources.
Groundwater discharge through sediment is unlikely to be a significant source of PAHs
to the sediment because the total PAH discharge from groundwater is only in the order
of 20 kilograms per year and cannot account for the high concentrations of total PAHs
measured in soft sediment, particularly in the shallow soft sediments.
V-161
Active Capping to Address Groundwater Discharge
Comment #250: NYCDEP asserts that groundwater discharge will be insufficiently
addressed by active capping.
Response #250: The EPA believes that the mass discharge of PAHs and other
constituents of concern in groundwater can only be effectively controlled by using active
capping. Treatment “gates” may be needed in the active cap design to allow for the use
of replaceable media to control the contaminant discharge in high groundwater
discharge areas.
Groundwater Discharge from Non-Former Manufacture Gas Plant Facilities
Comment #251: NYCDEP inquires as to how the impacted groundwater discharge from
sites other than the former MGP facilities will be addressed.
Response #251: In order for the canal remedy to be effective, the groundwater
discharge from the former MGP facilities will need to be controlled. Impermeable
barriers along the canal are currently included in the remedial designs for the Fulton and
Public Place former MGP facilities. In addition, the remedy selected for Public Place
includes excavation and removal of major tar sources and collection of mobile tar at the
approaches of the cut-off wall. It is anticipated that similar measures will be included in
the forthcoming remedy for the former Fulton MGP State Superfund site. Additional
remedial measures for the Metropolitan former MGP facility are also being considered
(see the section with responses to comments related to source control). Each of these
former MGP facilities may need to incorporate groundwater management mechanisms
behind the barrier wall during the remedial design.
The former MGP facilities constitute the major groundwater impacts to the canal from
upland sites. The remaining upland sites with much lesser groundwater impacts to the
canal have been referred to NYSDEC and the groundwater contamination will be
addressed in their remedy selection. In the interim, measures will be taken to mitigate
groundwater impacts to the canal.
Variation in Groundwater Discharge Patterns
Comment #252: NYCDEP, the PRP Group and National Grid inquire as to how the
variation of groundwater discharge patterns to the canal will be addressed.
Response #252: Measuring variations in groundwater discharge patterns will be
evaluated during the remedial design. National Grid has prepared a groundwater flow
model that the EPA has reviewed. The model provides an overall summary of how
groundwater discharges to the canal and the results show that groundwater discharge is
variable along the canal with the higher discharge volumes and greater groundwater
flux occurring in the upper reaches of the canal.
Although the groundwater model provides an overview of how groundwater discharges
to the canal, it cannot provide accurate details on the spatial distribution of the
V-162
groundwater discharge. The EPA has already initiated discussions with a specialty
vendor, SelkerMetrics LLC (http://www.selkermetrics.com) to provide DTS technology at
the canal. By precisely monitoring temperatures in sediment it is possible to locate
where groundwater is seeping through sediments and into bodies of water. Recent
developments of this technology also allow groundwater discharge rates to be
estimated. The aforementioned tests and measurements will be performed during the
remedial design to accurately locate groundwater seeps and to more precisely
determine discharge rates.
Impermeable Barriers and Flooding
Comment #253: National Grid and the Gowanus Conservancy express concern that the
impermeable barrier walls proposed for bulkhead support will mound groundwater
behind the wall and will increase the potential for local flooding. These effects will be
magnified if climate change raises sea levels and increases groundwater levels.
Response #253: Impermeable sheet pile barriers were considered in the FS as a
representative option for all bank-stability related bulkhead work as described in Section
4. 2. 5 of the EPA Guidance for Conducting Remedial Investigations and Feasibility
Studies under CERCLA (EPA, 1988).
The specific type and design of the bulkhead improvements will be more precisely
determined, for each area where improvements will be required, during the remedial
design. Sheet pile barriers will likely be needed to address areas adjacent to significant
upland NAPL and dissolved phase impacts, such as at the former MGP facilities. These
barriers may be augmented with groundwater extraction systems to prevent
groundwater mounding behind the barrier. In areas of low groundwater discharge,
impermeable barriers may be effective without significant groundwater mounding.
Bulkheads may be made permeable, where appropriate. On clean parcels, sheet piling
may have below-grade discharge openings. On contaminated parcels, where needed,
treatment gates could be incorporated into the wall design to funnel groundwater
through the treatment gate, allowing for discharge of treated groundwater to the canal.
In low impact areas, permeable treatment barriers could potentially be used to absorb
groundwater impacts before discharge to the canal.
General Bulkhead Concerns
Comment #254: A commenter noted that years ago, when the canal was dredged,
because the bulkheads were in such poor condition, the dredges could not remove
sediment located within ten feet from the bulkheads on both sides of the canal. The
condition of the bulkheads has not improved. Since the remedy includes dredging of
the sediments in the canal again, the commenter inquired as to how all of the
contaminated sediments will be removed if the dredges will have to stay away from the
bulkheads.
V-163
Response #254: To allow the dredging of the contaminated sediments to be performed
without constraints attributable to the integrity of the bulkheads, it is anticipated that
temporary sheet-piling will be required in locations where the condition of bulkheads
warrants additional structural support. The EPA also anticipates that several planned
activities will result in major portions of the bulkheads being upgraded. As part of the
remedy selected for the former MGP facility at Public Place, National Grid is required to
construct a bulkhead containment wall. As noted above, NYSDEC has also directed
National Grid to design a similar containment wall for the former Fulton MGP State
Superfund site. It is possible that a third such wall will be required for the former
Metropolitan MGP facility. Redevelopment work, such as the Lightstone Group project,
will also involve bulkhead upgrades. Finally, a number of property owners have
contacted the EPA regarding their plans to upgrade their bulkheads. The EPA is
working with all of these entities to ensure that the bulkhead upgrades will be able to
support dredging activities.
Comment #255: Two commenters expressed concern that carrying out the dredging
remedy will have deleterious effects on the bulkheads throughout the canal area and
that the cost of replacing deteriorated bulkheads may be a burden that will have
adverse financial impacts on numerous canal bank property owners. A commenter
noted that there is strong interest in how standards for bulkhead replacement and
maintenance will be promulgated, including bulkhead height and design, where soft
edges are possible and where wetlands could be restored.
Response #255: As was noted in the prior response, it is anticipated that temporary
sheet-piling will be required for dredging in locations where the condition of bulkheads
warrants additional structural support. It is also anticipated that a significant amount of
bulkheads will be replaced as part of the former MGP facility cleanups and by
developers and property owners, reducing the amount of temporary sheet-piling which
is needed.
The EPA believes that there are a number of locations where the bulkheads are so
deteriorated that they may fail when the temporary sheet-piling is removed after
dredging. The cost of the temporary sheet- piling will be borne by the PRPs. In such
cases, the sheet-piling will be left in place until the property owner replaces the
bulkhead. The EPA intends to cooperate with NYC on inspection and enforcement of
existing NYC bulkhead maintenance requirements. To reduce costs for affected
bulkhead owners, the EPA will facilitate the permitting approval, design and construction
process with interested owners. As noted above, the EPA will consider soft edges in
areas where this is suitable and appropriate.
Comment #256: A commenter noted that the replacement of a bulkhead at the western
terminus of 5th Street illegally encroached upon the canal by ten to fifteen feet, creating
two issues--the original canal bed in this area is now an upland area and the
constriction is adversely affecting the maritime industry.
Response #256: The EPA has referred the matter to the appropriate regulatory
authorities. Removal of such prior encroachment areas will only be considered to the
V-164
extent that it is necessary for engineering reasons in order to implement the dredging
remedy.
Comment #257: A commenter expressed concern that the current bulkhead proposal
will further worsen the already congested canal by adding a third generation of
bulkheads that will extend even further into the water. Another commenter requested
that any bulkhead replacement not infringe on the existing width of the canal waterway.
Furthermore, states the commenter, all efforts should be made to restore the historical
width of the canal where and when bulkheads are replaced.
Response #257: Other than in locations where bulkhead replacement will likely be a
component of the canal or former MGP facilities’ remedy, it is anticipated that bulkhead
replacement will not be part of the remedy, unless a substandard bulkhead is judged to
present a threat to the integrity of the remedy or in cases where deep cutoff walls are
required to protect the canal from recontamination. Nominal bulkhead encroachment
into the canal will likely be unavoidable. The excavation of the 1st Street and a limited
section of the 5th Street turning basins will, however, mitigate the loss of surface water
area as a result of new bulkhead encroachment into the canal. As noted above, the
EPA acknowledges that encroachment may have occurred in areas such as the curve
of the canal opposite Public Place. Removal of such prior encroachment areas will only
be considered to the extent that it is necessary for engineering reasons in order to
implement the dredging remedy.
Comment #258: A commenter stated that the remedy needs to integrate various
community plans into the design of the new bulkheads. For example, existing plans for
new residential developments include canoe dock and waterfront access proposals,
which will require custom bulkhead designs (e g., steps to water access) and the canal
remedy must be flexible enough to accommodate these proposals.
Response #258: The bulkhead approach in the FS report does not represent the
design of the remedy. The FS report developed remedial alternatives which contain
representative technologies that may be used to achieve the RAOs. The installation of
steel sheet piling with tieback anchors was selected in the FS report as the
representative approach for bulkhead upgrades along the canal. As the remedy is
implemented, there will likely be specific sections and specific conditions along the
canal where an alternative approach will be appropriate. Specific designs for bulkhead
segments along the canal will be developed during the design phase.
Bulkhead-Related Geotechnical and Groundwater Modeling Studies
Comment #259: NYCDEP asserts that the lack of Site-specific data on geotechnical
conditions and groundwater modeling in the canal prevent a realistic assessment of
bulkhead replacement requirements. No geotechnical calculations are provided to
suggest that the system is capable of supporting the anticipated loads or whether the
native sediment is even capable of supporting the proposed sheet pile wall (i.e., is
competent soil).
V-165
Response #259: Pre-design investigations will be performed to obtain the detailed
geotechnical information necessary to support the specific bulkhead approach and
design along the canal. Geotechnical information is already available from a variety of
sources. Geotechnical investigations have been performed by National Grid and other
parties, such as Benson Metals, who are contemplating bulkhead upgrades. National
Grid has also performed groundwater modeling. National Grid has submitted the results
of both of these efforts. The geotechnical investigations showed that the strength of the
native sediments is variable along the canal. The soil strength, together with the
structural elements of the bulkheads such as sheet piles, tiebacks, walers and depth of
embedment, are all considered in bulkhead design. Overall, the data showed that the
native sediment is compatible for various bulkhead designs.
National Grid’s groundwater model quantified the discharge of groundwater to the canal.
In areas of low groundwater discharge, impermeable barriers may be effective without
significant groundwater mounding. If needed, treatment gates could be incorporated
into the bulkhead wall design to funnel groundwater through the treatment gate,
allowing for discharge of treated groundwater to the canal. In low impact areas,
permeable treatment barriers could potentially be used to address groundwater impacts
before discharge to the canal.
Bulkhead Replacement/Upgrade Evaluation
Comment #260: The PRP Group asserts that bulkhead replacement/upgrade
evaluation must be integrated into the remedy prior to addressing sediments in the
canal and not deferred until the design phase because it represents a component
critical to the selection of an appropriate remedy.
Response #260: The EPA recognizes that bulkhead conditions are a significant public
concern and an important consideration for the implementation of the remedy.
However, the bulkhead replacement/upgrade evaluation does not need to be completed
prior to remedy selection. Bulkhead reconstruction is a well-developed technology in
the construction industry and can be readily addressed during the design phase and in
a sequential manner, as the remedy is implemented from the upper to the lower canal.
As was noted in the Proposed Plan, the EPA prepared a series of approaches to
coordinate and expedite bulkhead replacement. The EPA has held talks with the
USACE, NYSDEC and NYC about cooperative approaches to address bulkhead
replacement and restoration along the canal. To the extent that bulkhead replacement
occurs, appropriate consideration would be given to bulkhead preservation, aesthetics,
the use of soft edges and wetlands mitigation.
For the replacement of bulkheads, other than the structural sheet pile bulkheads that
will be required for remedy implementation, the possible methods include a
standardized design and promoting coordination among interested owners to reduce
their costs through economies of scale. Where replacement is not needed for purposes
of the remedy, the EPA will seek to utilize a streamlined permitting approach to reduce
transaction costs and expedite approval. Where replacement is needed for
V-166
implementation of the remedy, the EPA will apply the CERCLA permit exemption to
further expedite the process.
The EPA has met with several property owners who are interested in replacing their
properties’ bulkheads. The EPA is developing a standard approach for performing such
work which would ensure that the bulkheads are upgraded in a manner consistent with
the canal remedy and the substantive NYSDEC requirements. This work would be
carried out under an administrative order with EPA oversight. Such an order can also
provide appropriate CERCLA liability protection for the owners performing work in the
canal.
The EPA believes that there are a moderate number of locations where bulkheads are
so deteriorated that they may fail when the temporary sheet-piling is removed after
dredging. In such cases, the EPA intends to cooperate with NYC on inspection and
enforcement of existing NYC bulkhead maintenance requirements. To reduce costs for
affected bulkhead owners, the EPA will assist with coordinating the permitting approval,
design and construction.
While the EPA will continue working with all of the stakeholders, it recognizes that it is
not possible to insure that all of the bulkheads that need to be replaced will be replaced.
Therefore, some substandard bulkheads may still remain. If the continued presence of
such substandard bulkheads is judged to present a threat to the integrity of the canal
remedy, available CERCLA authorities and/or resources would be used, as necessary,
to ensure their repair.
At the present time, a number of property owners along the canal have initiated
replacement of their bulkheads and are coordinating their designs with the layout of the
preferred remedy.
Sheet Piling for Bulkhead Upgrades and Restoration
Comment #261: NYCDEP asserts that costs for sheet piling for bulkhead upgrading and
restoration are based upon sheet piling lengths that are too short and, therefore, the
costs are too low. Impacts due to presence of debris, outfalls, bridge abutments, and
utilities have not been considered. Compliance with historical and archaeological study
recommendations have not been considered.
Response #261: As stated in Table F-1 of Appendix F in the FS report, p. 3 of 11, sheet
piles in RTAs 1 and 2 would be 35 feet long, and sheet piles in RTA 3 would be 50 feet
long.
Using an estimated ground surface elevation in RTA 1 of +6, and a dredge elevation of -
18 feet, 35 foot sheets would leave an average embedment of 11 feet in the underlying
native sediment. These replacement walls assume installation of tieback anchors,
which reduces the length of embedment required. Also, 3. 5 feet of cap will be placed
over the dredged surface which will enhance the long term stability, giving a long-term
embedment of 14.5 feet on average. During the design, 40-foot long sheets may prove
to be more appropriate in RTA 1, and 45-foot long sheets in RTA 2 where the dredge
elevation is -22 feet. Fifty foot-long sheets would be appropriate in the first segment in
V-167
RTA 3, where the dredge depth is 28.5 feet, but perhaps 70 foot sheets may be needed
in the second segment of RTA 3 where the dredge depth is 41.5 feet. As expected, re-
running the costs with this set of assumptions does change the base implementation
capital costs (as shown in Table F-2a of Appendix F in the FS) – in this case from $93
million to $112 million. The final depth of sheet piles will be determined during the
design.
The comments on the cost estimate do not acknowledge the conservative assumption
made in the FS that 80% of all of the existing bulkheads would need complete
replacement with new sheet piling. As stated in responses to previous comments , a
thorough analysis to determine what percentage of the existing bulkheads would need
complete replacement, what percentage require improvement with remedial measures
(such as replacement of wales and tieback anchors in existing sheet piling), and what
percentage are satisfactory as is, is customarily done during the remedial design and
not during the FS. NYCDEP points to a 2000 report that states 40% of the existing
bulkheads are in fair or worse condition. It can be assumed that at least this
percentage, and maybe a little more by now, require complete replacement. One
reasonable scenario would be that 50% of the bulkheads require complete replacement,
30% would require remedial measures equal to one-half the cost of complete
replacement, and 20% require no remedial measures at all. Using these assumptions,
and the revised sheet pile lengths outlined above, the total cost would be $94 million,
essentially the same as the original FS estimate.
As noted previously, the EPA anticipates that a significant fraction of the canal
bulkheads will be upgraded for non-project related work, including by National Grid for
containment walls at the three former MGP facilities, and by property owners and
developers.
Sheet Piling for Temporary Cells
Comment #262: NYCDEP asserts that costs for the installation and removal of sheet
piling for the temporary cells are not consistent with sheet piling installation costs for
upgrading of the permanent bulkheads.
Response #262: There is a significant difference between the sheet piling installed as
part of the temporary remedial cells and sheet piling installed as a permanent
replacement bulkhead wall. As stated in Table F-1 of Appendix F in the FS report, p. 4
of 11, sheet piling for the remedial cells would be used to contain turbidity and NAPL
release during remedial activities, but would not be designed to withstand differential
head pressures created by lowering water within the cell (except for up to five feet
differential due to tidal fluctuation). Sheet pile wall joints would not need to be
completely watertight because no significant pressure differential would exist. A less
robust section of sheet pile is assumed for the cells versus the bulkhead replacement
sheet piling due to the significantly lower bending moments acting upon those sheets.
The extraction and reinstallation cost for the remedial cell sheet piling is lower still since
there is no new material cost associated with this work.
V-168
Sediment Dredging Production Rate
Comment #263: NYCDEP asserts that the assumed sediment dredging production rate
is too high. It should be less than half of the assumed rate. Dredging should be
assumed be on a five 12-hour day schedule instead of a seven 12-hour day weekly
schedule. The increase in dredging time will add a minimum $10 million to $15 million
to the project costs.
Response #263: The estimated costs were based on a specific assumption regarding
the dredging schedule. If this assumption is changed and the work schedule is 5 days,
the estimated costs would increase by an estimated $15 million for Alternative 5 and an
estimated $16 million for Alternative 7. The work schedule will be determined during the
design. Work hours may vary depending on Site-specific factors. For example, the
work day could be longer in RTA 3 as it is an industrial area without the likely noise
impacts as compared to RTA 1.
Current and Future Conditions
Comment #264: National Grid commented on the need to understand navigational uses,
strike the proper balance between commercial traffic and restoration of ecological
conditions, maintain dissolved oxygen conditions meeting surface water standards for
the canal and understand how the canal will perform under canal future uses and
conditions. Also, National Grid suggested that the implementation of the remedy should
not preclude the wide variety of industrial, commercial and residential activities currently
ongoing in the canal’s vicinity.
Response #264: The EPA recognizes that there is a balance of optimum conditions
between several factors, such as future commercial and community navigational uses of
the canal, canal depth, Flushing Tunnel flows, dissolved oxygen concentrations and
benthic habitat that the remedial design must address, while ensuring that the CERCLA
RAOs are being met. The remedial design will address the balance between these
conditions in a manner that meets the CERCLA objectives.
The Proposed Plan and ROD do not preclude current or future uses of the canal or any
individual type of development in the canal’s vicinity. The only requirement will be that
any such development cannot contribute contaminant loads to the canal that would
reduce the protectiveness of the remedy. Stormwater from future development will
need to be treated prior to discharge in the canal and sewer use regulated so as to not
be inconsistent with the contaminated CSO solids controls required in the ROD.
Future Use of Canal
Comment #265: National Grid notes that given that the canal has had limited use (as
revealed by the present state of sediment accumulation) and given the plans for
residential/recreational development along the canal, it is unlikely that there will be a
need for deeper navigation depths. At the very least, it appears that the upper portion
of the canal will eventually be limited to recreational traffic, which reduces any
V-169
requirement for depth and thus reduces the need for dredging. NYCDEP asserts that
the EPA is proposing to expand the existing navigational channel into the middle and
upper reaches of the canal.
Response #265: The EPA has reviewed a information relating to the current and
anticipated future use of the canal and the Gowanus area. This includes, but is not
limited to, documents on the NYCDEP’s WWFP (Section 2), NYCDEP’s preliminary
Gowanus area re-zoning (presently on hold), the Gowanus Community Development
Corp. Comprehensive Community Plan (2006), the Brooklyn Waterfront Greenway Plan
(2005), the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) draft Navigation White Paper
(2007) and the New York City 2020 Waterfront Vision Report and Community Board Six
comments.
The EPA has had ongoing interactions with developers, including the Whole Foods
store project, the Lightstone Group and Gowanus Green residential projects, as well as
an array of current business owners, prospective developers and purchasers. The EPA
is also participating in Community Board Six’s Brownfields Opportunity Area (BOA)
Grant process, which has reviewed a range of area zoning issues and needs with the
goal of promoting redevelopment.
NYCDEP, in its Proposed Plan comments, made observations regarding the mixed use
of the canal and surrounding areas and the need to coordinate with the community
regarding a range of short- and longer-term project impacts, noting:
While the zoning along the Canal itself consists mostly of manufacturing districts,
allowing a variety of commercial and industrial uses, there is also zoning that
permits residential development. Additionally, longstanding residential districts
are mapped in very close proximity to the Canal. Scattered throughout the
manufacturing zoning districts are also long existing, non-conforming residential
uses. Based on the historical development of the neighborhood, there are no
clear functional boundaries between industrial and residential areas. (NYCDEP
Proposed Plan comment #11.7, page 80.)
The EPA generally agrees with this land use characterization. Based on the current
and pending projects noted above and continued prospective residential development
activity, increasing dining and entertainment businesses around the canal, and formal
requests to NYC to restart the re-zoning process, (e.g., a Community Board Six October
12, 2012 resolution regarding the Lightstone Group), the EPA believes that there will
likely be an increased intensity in land use around the canal over a broad range of
sectors.
Commercial navigation is currently limited to the lower and middle canal. Limited draft
in the canal presently hinders such navigation. The limited draft, together with vessel
traffic and barge mooring, affect sediment accumulation and re-suspension patterns and
impacts. The EPA has also received requests from business owners engaged in
commercial navigation regarding potential bulkhead upgrades for their operations. The
EPA anticipates that such commercial navigation will continue and may possibly
increase following implementation of the selected remedy, which would reduce
navigational impediments.
V-170
In the upper canal, navigation is limited to recreational use, infrastructure upgrade and
repair, and remedial-related work. Future navigation will need to be maintained for
infrastructure and redevelopment work as well as post-construction remedial
maintenance. Future residential development may also potentially create a demand for
other water-related navigation, such as water taxis, which have been depicted in upper
canal residential redevelopment renderings.
Overall, the increased population living on and around the canal, together with the
corresponding increase in recreational use of the canal, would tend to increase the
potential for exposure in the absence of a comprehensive cleanup.
Property Values
Comment #266: A commenter expressed concern that once the canal is remediated,
property values and rents in the area between Carroll Gardens and Park Slope, where
the residential properties have been undervalued because of flooding, will increase
significantly, potentially displacing those that cannot afford a substantial rent increase.
Another commenter expressed a similar concern about the Red Hook area.
Response #266: Under CERCLA, the EPA must select a remedy which is protective of
human health and the environment. Such a remedy must take into account reasonably
anticipated future land use so that the cleanup is appropriate for that land use. Future
property valuation, however, is not among the selection criteria.
Property values in Brooklyn generally have been rising, and in Gowanus in particular,
even in advance of any clean up. It is likely that property values in the area will
continue to rise as investment and redevelopment (e.g., the Whole Foods project)
advances. While the EPA acknowledges the comment, other agencies have jurisdiction
for such issues. It is suggested that concerns about rents and property values be
directed to elected officials.
Long-Term Monitoring
Comment #267: A commenter seeks confirmation that long-term monitoring will be
performed to ensure that the implemented remedy works.
Response #267: Long-term monitoring would be performed to insure that the
implemented remedy continues to function effectively. A long-term monitoring plan will
be developed by the PRPs as part of the remedy, with oversight and input from the
EPA, NYSDEC and other participating agencies. Such documents will be provided to
the public for informal input as part of the ongoing community involvement process.
V-171
Sediment Toxicity Reduction
Comment #268: A commenter asked why the goal for sediment toxicity reduction is
based on the Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference area.
Response #268: As a general rule, Superfund does not clean up hazardous waste sites
beyond background conditions. The judgment of Superfund is that it does not make
sense to have a completely clean area surrounded by contaminated areas. In this
instance, the background areas were determined to be sufficiently protective of the
ecosystem for the purposes of the canal cleanup.
Restoration of Fishing in Canal
Comment #269: A commenter asked whether it is likely that fishing will ever be allowed
in the canal.
Response #269: Fishing advisories promulgated by the New York State Department of
Health (NYSDOH) currently apply to the New York/New Jersey Harbor area, including
tributaries, such as the canal. These advisories vary based on species and the age and
gender of the consumer (see http://www.health.ny.gov/publications/2784.pdf). In
general, fish consumption is not advised for children and women of childbearing age.
NYCDEP signs are posted along the canal at CSO outfalls indicating that fishing is
prohibited.
The EPA has also produced a Gowanus-related fact sheet regarding fish consumption (
see http://www.epa.gov/region02/superfund/npl/gowanus/pdf/gowanus_colorcoding-
041212.pdf).
Despite the fish advisory, posted warnings and public outreach efforts, the canal and
harbor areas near the canal are regularly used for fishing, particularly subsistence
fishing by surrounding EJ communities.
Although implementation of the canal remedy should slightly reduce contaminant
loadings to the New York/New Jersey Harbor, it is unlikely that fishing advisories will be
lifted in the foreseeable future. While the EPA believes that ecological conditions in the
canal should improve following implementation of the remedy such that water and
sediment conditions will more closely resemble those of the harbor, post-remediation
monitoring will be necessary to determine whether fishing, other than catch-and-
release, is advisable within the canal.
In addition, NYSDOH looked at the data that was collected as part of the RI and
concluded that exposure to the high levels of bacteria that are present in the canal due
to the sewer outflows pose an acute (short-term) public health threat. Although
pathogen exposure was not considered for CERCLA remedy selection purposes, the
contaminated CSO solids controls which are part of the selected remedy will also
reduce human health risks associated with pathogens.
V-172
Public Health Assessment
Comment #270: A commenter expressed concern that the Agency for Toxic Substances
and Disease Registry’s (ATSDR’s) public health assessment was not presented in the
human health risk section of the proposed plan.
Response #270: A HHRA is an analysis of the potential adverse health effects caused
by hazardous substance releases from a site in the absence of any actions to control or
mitigate the hazardous substances under current- and future-land uses. It is the basis
for determining whether or not a remedial action is necessary at a site.
ATSDR, through a cooperative agreement with NYSDOH, prepares public health
assessments for facilities independent of the EPA remedy selection process (i.e., public
health assessments are not included in the human health risk section of proposed
plans). During the preparation of the public health assessments, NYSDOH and ATSDR
review the environmental information available for the Site and prepare conclusions and
recommendations for public health actions.
ATSDR and NYSDOH expect to release the public health assessment for the Site in
late 2013.
Human Health Risk Assessment
Comment #271: Several commenters asked that the threat to public health be identified.
Response #271: An HHRA for the Gowanus Canal was performed as part of the RI.
The HHRA evaluated potential current and future risks to recreational users, anglers,
residents and industrial workers in and near the canal. The HHRA evaluated the
potential human risks from exposure to surface water, sediment, ambient air and
ingestion of fish and shellfish, concluding that unacceptable long-term (more than 30
years) exposure risk levels are posed by surface water/sediment contact and fish/crab
consumption..
In addition, NYSDOH looked at the data that was collected as part of the RI and
concluded that exposure to the high levels of bacteria that are present in the canal due
to the sewer outflows pose an acute (short-term) public health threat.
Human Health Risk Assessment Assumptions
Comment #272: ConEd asserts that the HHRA relies on exposure assumptions that are
overly conservative and do not represent a reasonable maximum exposure (RME) as
defined by the EPA and that the human health risk estimates were described in the RI
as “likely overestimates,” but were not refined.
V-173
Response #272: At the time that the HHRA was initiated, no specific information was
available for fishing/crabbing and ingesting fish or crab caught from the Gowanus
Canal. Observations by the EPA and anecdotal information suggested that regular fish
consumption was occurring both within the canal and near the mouth of the canal. This
is supported by studies which show that many people in the area ignore fish advisories
that are placed on local waterways. Therefore, fish ingestion rates from local studies for
the Newark Bay Complex (Burger, 2002) were used in the HHRA. These fish ingestion
rates are similar to the ingestion rates used in HHRAs prepared for other local water
bodies.
The risk estimates for fish and crab ingestion were supplemented in the FS report
addendum by evaluating a subsistence fishing scenario. The subsistence fishing
ingestion rate was based on information obtained from a 2010 Fish Consumption
Education Project in Brooklyn (Going Coastal Inc., 2010). The purpose of the project
was to identify who is fishing and what is being caught and eaten along the shores of
Brooklyn in order to reduce the consumption of contaminated fish and lessen potential
health problems among the local subsistence and recreational fishing population. Of
the respondents, 57 percent said they were trying to catch striped bass and more than
half responded that they were trying to catch bluefish. The survey showed that most of
the fish caught were consumed. Almost all of the fish are eaten either by the anglers
themselves (62 percent), shared with their family and friends, and/or given to other
anglers. More than a quarter of the respondents explicitly said that children under the
age of 15 eat the fish they catch. The fish ingestion rate for the subsistence fishermen
risk calculations was based on the median consumption value of eight fish meals per
month for those who feed their catch to children. Given the evidence of both
recreational and subsistence fishing in and near the canal, a RAO was developed to
address the potential risks associated with fish and shellfish ingestion.
Additionally, the sediment remedy for the canal is expected to create conditions that will
encourage greater recreational use (including fishing and ingestion of fish). Therefore,
the use of the recreational and subsistence exposure assumptions is appropriate for
determining the actions that need to be taken to reduce potential future unacceptable
risks.
Comment #273: ConEd asserts that unrealistic assumptions about the relative
percentages of species consumed by anglers were used.
Response #273: The EPA believes that the technical basis for establishing the mix of
species consumed by anglers is reasonable, but recognizes that other reasonable
assumptions also could be used. It should be noted that revising the percentages as
suggested in the comments would not change the results of the risk calculations.
Contribution of Gowanus Canal to PCB Levels in Fish
Comment #274: ConEd asserted that the EPA provided no data or analyses to support
the assumption that PCBs in Gowanus Canal sediments contribute to the PCB levels in
fish tissue .
V-174
Response #274: Because the species targeted in the HHRA (striped bass, white perch,
American eel and blue crab) inhabit areas that are larger than the canal, the PCB
concentrations in their tissue reflect cumulative uptake from all of the areas in which
they forage. Therefore, the PCB concentrations in fish and shellfish caught in the canal
cannot be directly linked to PCB concentrations in the canal sediments alone. However,
this does not mean that fish and crab do not accumulate PCBs from Gowanus Canal
sediments; it simply means that it is not technically feasible to determine the relative
contributions of PCBs from the canal (and other areas) to the overall tissue burden of
PCBs in the fish. The EPA acknowledges the uncertainty in directly linking tissue
concentrations of PCBs to sediment concentrations; however, both sediment and fish
and crab tissue PCB concentrations appear to be elevated in the canal samples relative
to the reference area samples, suggesting a contribution from canal sediments.
To address this uncertainty, the RAO for the consumption of fish and shellfish was
developed to specifically target PCB concentrations in sediments rather than fish tissue:
Reduce the contribution of PCBs from the canal to fish and shellfish by reducing
PCB concentrations in surface sediment to levels that are within the range of
Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay reference concentrations.
The EPA believes that this RAO accurately describes what the cleanup is expected to
accomplish, and is considered to be achievable.
The EPA’s sampling has established the presence of PCBs in fish in both Upper New
York Bay and the canal. These results are consistent with broader studies and the New
York State fish advisories which ConEd advocates reliance on. The EPA’s position
regarding the contribution to fish tissue from PCBs in canal sediments is consistent with
the EPA’s experience at other sediment sites. See, for example, the EPA’s Hudson
River PCBs Record of Decision and Responsiveness Summary, February 2002.
Conversely, ConEd’s comments do not provide any technical support for the suggestion
that PCB uptake would occur only while fish are in Upper New York Bay, then either not
occur or discontinue while exposed to PCBs within the canal.
PCB Toxicity to Benthic Organisms
Comment #275: ConEd asserts that the EPA has not demonstrated that PCBs are toxic
to benthic organisms.
Response #275: In the baseline ecological risk assessment (BERA), contaminants were
identified as potential contributors to toxicity if concentrations exceeded risk-based
screening levels and were significantly higher than reference area concentrations. The
EPA acknowledges that there are multiple approaches for assessing whether a
contaminant may contribute to sediment toxicity. Each of these approaches has its own
strengths and uncertainties in terms of correctly predicting sediment toxicity. In the
case of Gowanus Canal sediment, the EPA believes that the approach used in the
BERA is sufficient to show that PCBs have the potential to contribute to the observed
toxicity. However, because PAHs are the primary cause of sediment toxicity and the
driver of ecological risk at this Site, the EPA does not believe that it is necessary to use
more sophisticated approaches to develop PCB toxicity thresholds. Because the
V-175
selected remedy will also remove PCBs that co-occur with the PAHs targeted for
remediation, the level of evaluation of PCBs conducted in the BERA was determined to
be adequate to support a risk management decision.
The RAO for the protection of the benthic community focuses on the reduction of
toxicity, regardless of the source. As stated, the EPA believes risks to the benthic
community to be primarily associated with PAHs but there are potential contributions
from PCBs and metals that cannot be ruled out.
Ecological Threats
Comment #276: A commenter expressed concern that the contamination in the canal
could adversely affect the fish that live in the canal.
Response #276: The contamination in the canal has already impacted fish that live in
the canal. The average concentration of PCBs in canal fish samples collected by the
EPA is about two times higher than the average PCB concentrations in the reference
area samples collected from Gowanus Bay and Upper New York Bay. Because PAHs
normally metabolize quickly, fish tissue samples were not analyzed for PAHs. As noted
above, NYSDOH has issued a fish advisory covering the entire Gowanus Canal.
During the remedial design, appropriate controls will be selected to limit contaminant re-
suspension and transport during dredging. The EPA will also consider whether
additional measures will be necessary to restrict fishing during dredging.
Air Emissions
Comment #277: A commenter expressed concern about the potential wind transport of
contaminants from surface sediment exposed during low tides in the upper reach of the
canal.
Response #277: It is unlikely that the wind will mobilize a significant amount of
contamination from surface sediment exposed during low tides in the upper reach of the
canal due its grain size and moisture content. During the RI, air samples were collected
from street-level locations along the length of the canal and from three background
locations (two blocks west of the canal). The results from this sampling indicate that the
types and concentrations of contaminants detected in air samples were similar,
regardless of the sample location. The constituents detected were typical of those
found in urban environments.
Comment #278: A commenter expressed concern about atmospheric releases during
dewatering. Other commenters expressed concern about releases into the atmosphere
during the dredging and processing. Two commenters urged the EPA to collect real-
time air data and make that data available to the public. Two commenters noted that
the ongoing Onondaga Lake site dredging has resulted in odor complaints. The
V-176
commenter expressed concern that the processing of the Gowanus Canal sediments
would also create an odor problem. Two commenters asked whether the dredging and
processing would pose risks to the community through air emissions. Another
commenter asked whether it will be safe for the 700+ residents that will occupy the
rental building that the Lightstone Group wants to erect along the canal since the canal
cleanup will not be completed for at least 10 years. Another commenter expressed
concern that allowing the area to be developed prior to remediation, thereby placing
greed before public health, would be akin to the tragedy of Love Canal--citing
Commissioner of the State Health Department Dr. David Axelrod's 1998 statement that
Love Canal will likely long endure as a ''national symbol of a failure to exercise a sense
of concern for future generations. ''
Response #278: The intent of implementing remedies at Superfund facilities is to
protect public health and the environment. The implementation of the remedies
themselves must be implemented in a manner which is also protective of public health.
The sediments in the canal are contaminated with a number of volatile organic
compounds that could be released when brought to the surface. Odors described as
"organic," "septic-like," "sulfur-like" and "hydrocarbon-like" are commonly detected
during low tide. To prevent the exposure of the remediation workers and the
surrounding community to volatile organic emissions and to prevent noxious odors,
measures to control the air emissions and odors during the dredging and processing of
the sediments will be developed during the design of the remedy. In addition, air
monitoring equipment will be placed at various locations in the vicinity of the areas
where dredging is conducted and in the processing areas to determine if the air
emission and odor controls are effective or if modifications and corrective actions are
necessary. The monitoring data will be made available to the public.
While there were odor complaints at the Onondaga Lake site once the dredging and
processing of lake bottom sediments commenced last year, the contractors have
implemented a number of odor-control measures which appear to have significantly
reduced the odor complaints.
The EPA will continue its proactive public outreach and interaction efforts during the
remedial design and subsequent dredging in order to properly address such concerns.
Comment #279: Two commenters expressed concern about the potential adverse
health effects attributable to air releases associated with the remediation efforts in the
canal, noting air release concerns related to the dredging effort at the Onondaga Lake
site expressed by residents in the Town of Camillus, New York. One of the commenters
stated that a consultant hired by the Town of Camillus and some of its residents
indicated in a report that air toxic concentrations are pervasive throughout the
community and that short- and long-term safe levels are being exceeded, contrary to
the stated findings of a supplemental HHRA produced by the EPA for the Onondaga
Lake project, which indicated that residential risks associated with the management of
contaminated sediment would not result in Exceedances of acceptable risks to the
nearby communities. The commenter also alleged that the Supplemental HHRA was
V-177
conducted because an air pathway analysis (APA) for the project was never performed,
even though detailed project planning documents specified that an APA be conducted,
and that an APA is required under Superfund.
Response #279: The EPA acknowledges the comments with respect to the Onondaga
Lake site remediation. The EPA believes that the public’s questions and concerns
related to air monitoring are being addressed with respect to that project. Although
there is no CERCLA requirement that one be performed, an APA to assess the extent of
potential emissions from technologies being considered and evaluated for the
Onondaga Lake site was conducted during the FS phase of the project.
Given the odors currently associated with the Gowanus Canal even in the absence of
remedial work, the EPA acknowledges the need for adequate odor controls and air
monitoring during dredging and any sediment handling. During the remedial design, the
EPA will work with the community in the development of a community health and safety
plan as part of our continued public outreach and interaction efforts in order to properly
address such concerns.
Comment #280: A commenter opined that it is not clear what impact the dewatering of
contaminated material will have on the air quality, since an APA was not performed in
connection with such a facility. The commenter asserts that the failure to perform the
APA is not in accordance with the law. If an APA had been performed, opined the
commenter, it would clearly show unacceptable risks to nearby residents owing to very
high predicted levels of airborne exposure.
Response #280: Although an APA was not performed during the RI/FS, the short- and
long-term impacts of the dredging and capping alternatives were evaluated as part of
the FS. An APA will be performed during remedial design, once the material handling
specifications and rates have been determined. The results of the APA will then be
used to identify the design requirements for perimeter air monitoring systems for the
Site, including the removal and treatment areas, as well as other controls to limit
releases to air.
Air monitoring will be conducted and mitigation measures will be implemented during
the remedial activities to control the release of hazardous compounds. Dredging best
management practices will be used to minimize the disturbance of sediments during the
dredging process, thereby limiting releases to the air. The potential for airborne
distribution (e.g., dust generation) will be limited by the high moisture content of the
sediment, even after any dewatering procedures. Odor controls will be implemented to
the degree practicable.
As noted above, an APA will be performed before the remedy is implemented. The
EPA has, therefore, correctly identified the regulatory standards for this pathway that
will require compliance during project construction, and, therefore, the selected remedy
is in accordance with the law. After conducting the APA, the appropriate air monitoring,
mitigation and other health and safety measures will be utilized during construction.
During both the remedial design process and dredging, the EPA will continue to interact
with the public regarding the APA and other project impact concerns.
V-178
National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan
Comment #281: NYCDEP asserts that the EPA has not followed the NCP by relying on
the NYSDEC to be the lead agency for the former MGP facility cleanup remedies, other
upland parcels referred to the NYSDEC for evaluation by the EPA and unpermitted pipe
outfalls, rather than directly evaluating (e.g., alternatives, cost, Applicable or Relevant
and Appropriate Requirements, etc.) and selecting these former MGP facility and
upland cleanups as part of the remedy selection process for the Gowanus Canal.
NYCDEP also asserts that the EPA is delegating remedy selection to the State, contrary
to the NCP requirements.
Response #281: The EPA has, by agreement with the NYSDEC, divided the lead
responsibilities for various aspects of the Site. NYSDEC has the primary lead on
uplands cleanups under its State Superfund and Brownfields programs. The State,
which had long-term experience and familiarity with the former MGP facility cleanups
prior to the NPL proposal of the Site, retained this responsibility. NYSDEC oversees
almost all of the former MGP facility cleanups within the State, and has extensive
experience with its former MGP program.
Such a division of agency roles, particularly for upland cleanups at sediment sites, is not
an unusual approach. At the Hudson River PCBs Superfund site, for example,
NYSDEC is the lead agency for the upland plant site cleanups while the EPA is the lead
for the river portion of the site.
The EPA has reviewed the data, technical reports and remedial documents generated
to date with respect to the former MGP facilities and incorporated these documents into
the administrative record. The EPA has provided, as a contingency measure in the
Proposed Plan and ROD, “In the unlikely event that a timely and effective State-
selected remedy is not implemented at a given former MGP facility, the EPA may
implement actions pursuant to CERCLA to ensure the protectiveness of the preferred
remedy.” In a similar manner, NYSDEC has the lead on CWA compliance under state
law, with the EPA having the ability to take separate enforcement action under federal
authority ,if necessary.
With respect to the additional upland parcels which were referred to NYSDEC, the EPA
generated the information regarding these sites during the RI. The EPA has determined
that while these additional parcels require investigation and potential remediation, they
likely contribute a smaller potential contaminant load as compared with the other
sources to the canal. The investigation and potential cleanup of these parcels is of a
lower priority than the sediments, former MGP facilities and the CSOs. As with the
former MGP facilities, the EPA retains the authority to implement additional actions
under CERCLA, if necessary.
Because the EPA is not directly selecting the remedy for these upland sites, the
complete evaluation process for these are not addressed in the FS and other
documents for this remedy. The selected remedy, which is intended to be a
comprehensive overall approach for the canal, addresses the method through which
V-179
each source is handled. Additional decision documents may be necessary to select the
remedy for a given parcel.
With respect to the handful of unpermitted pipe outfalls which may be active and need
to be addressed, the WWFP determined:
Overall, the total contribution of flow from these additional point sources was
determined to be insignificant relative to CSO and stormwater inputs. The 154
MGD average induced flow resulting from the Flushing Tunnel, as described
elsewhere in this report, further diminishes the significance of these inputs.
NYCDEP WWFP (2008), page 4-39
The Proposed Plan and ROD state that the EPA will work in coordination with NYCDEP
and NYSDEC to either permit or permanently seal these pipes. The cost of sealing a
limited number of pipes is nominal. The cost of permitting would be borne by the pipe
owners, not the PRPs, and is, therefore, outside of the selected remedy cost.
Comment #282: ConEd asserts that the EPA has not complied with the requirements of
the NCP with respect to human health and ecological risk from exposure to PCBs that
the EPA did not develop sufficient information regarding PCBs with respect to the Site,
and that the PRGs and RAOs were not developed following the NCP requirements,
primarily because impacts of PCBs to fish are regional as well as local to the canal.
Response #282: The EPA believes that the information developed with respect to the
presence of and effects of PCB and its application through the PRGs and RAOs is not
inconsistent with the NCP. Although a broader regional problem will remain for PCB
exposure through fish consumption, the selected remedy indicates that the risk from this
exposure pathway will be reduced. By nature, a regional problem can often only be
addressed in a step-wise fashion, of which the selected remedy is one part. The
documents in the administrative record adequately demonstrate both the exposure risk
and the risk reduction which is anticipated. Finally, because the PCBs are co-located
with other COCs within the canal sediments, it is not possible to avoid addressing the
PCBs.
Sediment Bioremediation
Comment #283: Two commenters expressed concern that bioremediation is not being
considered as a strategy to address the contaminated sediments. One of the
commenters noted that plants have been utilized to detoxify waterways and soil. The
other commenter cited an ecological designer's work in restoring a polluted canal in
China to its natural beauty (http://toddecological.com/PDFs/100623.casestudy.baima.
pdf) and suggested that bioremediation would be a less expensive and safer option with
a better long term investment for the community.
V-180
Response #283: The cited ecological designer’s effort was related to sewage
discharges to surface water. This could be a potential option to address the CSOs.
Bioremediation was considered in the FS as a potential technology for the cleanup of
the canal. While bioremediation can successfully destroy organic contaminants in
sediment, since there are so many different organic contaminants at such high
concentrations present in the sediments and since the contaminants are very deep,
bioremediation cannot be practically applied to this Site. Therefore, it was screened
out.
Comment #284: A commenter cited phytoremediation and mycoremediation (using
plants and fungi to degrade or sequester contaminants, respectively) studies conducted
by the EPA’s Superfund Innovative Technology Evaluation Program and suggested that
they might be applicable to the Site. The commenter noted that fungi have been shown
to break down the same PCBs and PAHs found in the Gowanus Canal sediments and
they also have the ability to accumulate heavy metals which can then be extracted.
Heavy metals, once extracted with mushrooms or other bioaccumulators do not pose
the risk of leaching. The commenter also noted that mycoremediation is significantly
less environmentally taxing than heat-treating the sediment to rid it of PCBs and PAHs.
The commenter also suggested the EPA conduct treatability studies on a small portion
of the dredged sediment as a means to not only inform future Superfund cleanups, but
serve to promote ecologically and economically effective practices.
Response #284: While phytoremediation and mycoremediation might be appropriate
technologies to address some of the contaminants found at the Site under certain
conditions, the physical state (volume and texture) and the chemical complexity
(hundreds of organic chemicals and metals that are chemically bound in ways that
make them unavailable to plant or biological uptake) of the contaminated sediments in
the canal do not render these technologies suitable for either in-situ or ex-situ treatment
of the sediments.
Comment #285: A commenter asked whether the data suggests that the contaminants
in the canal have been increasing or decreasing as a result of microbial action.
Response #285: While some microbial degradation of the contaminants in the
sediments is likely to be occurring, since the level of contamination in the canal
sediments is so significant and since CSOs and upland sources continue to contribute
contamination to the canal, there is no practical way to measure such degradation. The
continued presence of high levels of hazardous substances which were disposed of
from decades to a century ago suggest that microbial action is not having a significant
effect.
Canal Dewatering
Comment #286: A commenter urged the EPA to dewater the canal, treat the water and
then use natural processes to treat the contaminated sediments instead of dredging.
V-181
Response #286: While the temporary draining of all or portions of the canal to facilitate
implementation of the remedy was considered, it was ruled out for the entire canal
because removal of canal water could induce canal wall and bottom instabilities due to
increased exerted pressures. Draining of the canal for remedy implementation would
limit remedial and commercial barge access and conflict with the current configuration
for CSO and stormwater discharges and odor control for such a large area of dewatered
sediments would be difficult. In addition, groundwater influx, which varies throughout
the canal, would require significant on-going pumping capacity.
While natural processes, such as bioremediation, can successfully destroy some of the
organic contaminants in the sediment, since there are so many different organic
contaminants at such high concentrations present in the sediments and since the
contaminants are very deep, bioremediation cannot be practically applied to this Site.
Contractual
Comment #287: Two commenters asked who will operate the dewatering facility.
Another commenter asked whether a local contractor that has pollution violations would
be barred from bidding on the remediation work contracts.
Response #287: The EPA anticipates that some local workers and subcontractors may
be hired by the prime contractor to provide secondary support services and materials,
but Superfund cleanup work is typically conducted by experienced, specialized
remediation companies that adhere to the EPA’s high standards. The work will be
performed by contractors bidding to construct the EPA-approved engineering designs.
The contractors will be subject to EPA review, approval and oversight.
Remediation Schedule
Comment #288: A commenter stated that increasing large-scale development along the
banks of the canal in combination with predicted average annual rainfall increases and
rising sea levels contribute to the urgency to address the CSOs and contaminated
sediments in a timely manner. Several commenters stated that they want the EPA to
move forward as quickly as possible with the remedy selection, design and construction
process. Another commenter asked when the remediation of the canal would be
completed. A third commenter stated that those parties that are responsible for the
contamination should pay for the implementation of the remedy.
Response #288: Following the selection of a remedy for the Site, it is the EPA’s
intention to use its enforcement authorities to compel the PRPs to undertake the
performance of the design and construction of the remedy at their own expense. It is
anticipated that the negotiations related to the performance of the design and
construction of the selected remedy will take several months to complete. The design
will take an estimated three years to perform. It is anticipated that the remediation, will
V-182
commence with the upper reach and progress downstream. Each of the three areas will
take approximately two years to complete. Therefore, it is anticipated that the design
will be completed in 2016 and the remediation by 2022.
Surface Water Classification
Comment #289: A commenter indicated that the community strongly supports a higher
level of reclassification of the canal (swimmable) and habitat restoration at all levels
(benthic, aquatic and available canal bank areas).
Response #289: The canal upstream of the Gowanus Expressway has been designated
“Use Class SD,” which is suitable for fish survival. The area downstream of the
Gowanus Expressway is designated “Use Class I,” which is suitable for finfish
propagation and survival. Currently, background surface water contaminant
concentrations are not suitable for swimming and habitat restoration at all levels. The
degree to which the Gowanus Canal will be able to achieve a higher classification level
is unclear. The primary forum to address this issue is under the LTCP and other
provisions of the CWA.
Remedy Reviews
Comment #290: A commenter suggested that, given the likelihood of greater storm
events in the future, the implemented remedies, in particular, the CSO abatement
measures and the remedies at the former MGP facilities, should be reviewed more
frequently than once every five years, particularly after storm events.
Response #290: The purpose of five-year reviews is to ensure that implemented
remedies protect public health and the environment and that they function as intended
by the decision documents. To conduct five-year reviews, the EPA reviews site
monitoring and maintenance data. At this Site, maintenance of the cap will be
performed, as necessary, to insure that it is still protective and periodic long-term
monitoring will be performed to insure that the remedy continues to function effectively.
Under enforcement agreements, NYCDEP will be responsible for the maintenance and
monitoring related to the CSO abatement measures and National Grid will be
responsible for the maintenance and monitoring related to the former MGP facilities.
The EPA will review all of the monitoring data on a routine basis. It is anticipated that
monitoring data following storm events will be closely scrutinized.
V-183
Wetlands Mitigation
Comment #291: A commenter suggested that the remedial plan needs to detail the
issues of wetlands mitigation banking31 as it applies to the CDF portion of the remedy,
since 10 acres of what is currently legally protected open waters of the United States
would be filled in. The commenter also noted that three acres of the Gowanus Canal
have been filled in over the past several decades and are legally outstanding violations
of the CWA.
Response #291: The EPA agrees that wetlands mitigation is an important component
of the remedy. Since a CDF is no longer a component of the remedy, mitigation of the
affected area is no longer necessary. A secondary benefit derived from the cleanup
and restoration of the former 1st Street turning basin and the portion of the 4th Street
turning basin underneath the 3rd Avenue bridge is the mitigation of wetlands impacts
that may be associated with the cleanup of the canal from a series of incremental
intrusions into the canal from cut-off walls and/or bulkhead restoration work. While
portions of the Gowanus Canal may have been filled in violation of the CWA, other than
the turning basins noted above, addressing these filled in areas under the remedy
would not consistent with CERCLA.
Land Development
Comment #292: A commenter suggested that the development of the land contiguous
to the canal should be thoroughly studied to determine the long-term effects and should
be subject to a full environmental impact study. Another commenter expressed concern
about the EPA granting special endorsements to projects like Lightstone's 700
apartment building on the canal, which the commenter believes will have a negative
impact on the local environment.
Response #292: The EPA’s responsibility is related to addressing the contaminated
sediments. Evaluating environmental impacts associated with developing the land is
outside the EPA’s authority.
One of the objectives of remediating hazardous waste facilities is to restore them to
productive use. There are a number of contaminated facilities along the banks of the
canal that require remediation. The nature of the post-remediation use of these
properties will be determined by local authorities, not the EPA. The EPA has not
endorsed any particular future use of the properties located on the banks of the canal.
31 The creation, restoration, or under certain circumstances the increased protection, of an area
of functioning wetland in advance of, and to offset anticipated wetland impacts within the same
ecoregion.
V-184
Comment #293: A commenter suggested that the EPA mandate that any new housing
in the area not add to the CSO and that new developments that border the canal should
take extensive flood precautions. A commenter suggested that high density residential
redevelopment may not be the appropriate form of development along the canal banks
given what is known about environmental impacts and potential meteorological
changes. Another commenter asked whether the EPA will review whether future high
density residential redevelopment along the banks of the canal and within the
sewershed are consistent with recently adopted NYC criteria for on-Site stormwater
control and green infrastructure.
Response #293: The ROD states that current and future high density residential
redevelopment along the banks of the canal and within the sewershed shall adhere to
NYC’s rules for sewer connections and shall be consistent with current NYCDEP criteria
and guidelines to ensure that hazardous substances and solids from additional sewage
loads do not compromise the effectiveness of the permanent CSO control measures by
exceeding their design capacity. The ROD also states that the size of the sewage
retention tanks should be refined during remedial design to ensure that the tanks
accommodate projected additional loads to the combined sewer system as a result of
current and future residential development, as well as increased rainfall due to climate
change. The EPA will undertake the necessary review and oversight to ensure the
continued protectiveness of the remedy.
Comment #294: A commenter expressed concern that the construction of luxury
housing along the canal would increase pressure to push noxious facilities into Red
Hook, especially if new land was created by the proposed CDF. Adding more industry
to Red Hook would potentially cause more industrial emissions near the ball fields, park
and nearby public housing and would increase heavy truck traffic in the area.
Response #294: The EPA does not have authority over the zoning and planning
approval for the development of properties along the canal. A CDF will not be
constructed.
Demand Response
Comment #295: Community Board Six inquired whether the EPA can insist that a
“demand response” campaign be included amongst the proposed remedies to raise
awareness, affect normative behaviors and include a community action component to
reduce CSO impacts. The Board also asked whether the EPA can make resources
available to implement such a campaign.
Response #295: NYCDEP has been generally proactive in informing the community and
involving stakeholders in developing its WWFP and LTCPs throughout NYC and for
Gowanus Canal, in particular. NYCDEP convened a Gowanus Canal
Waterbody/Watershed Stakeholder Team and followed a community involvement
process that is well documented in its plan report. NYCDEP has performed numerous
outreach efforts to raise awareness and effect behaviors to reduce CSO impacts for
V-185
pollutants, such as trash that is discharged as floatables. NYCDEP’s support for water
conservation provides additional capacity in its sewer systems for reducing CSOs to
some extent. While such NYC-lead efforts could be combined with additional state and
federal efforts to achieve some level of reductions, these efforts can only effect change
on certain pollutants and contaminant discharges. It is unlikely that behavioral
modifications alone would be effective enough to appreciably reduce the amounts and
characteristics of solids and contaminants observed by the EPA in the RI and result in
meeting the CERCLA goals without further CSO controls.
Utilities
Comment #296: A commenter suggested that the remedy require the elevation of
utilities inside the 100-year floodplain surrounding the canal in order to prevent sewage,
oil and other forms of contamination from recontaminating the remedy during a flood or
storm surge event.
Response #296: The suggested infrastructure change is beyond the scope of the
remedy and the EPA’s authority. It would need to be addressed by the local
government.
Green Considerations
Comment #297: Several commenters requested that the EPA use the lowest carbon
footprint possible.
Response #297: The environmental benefits of the remedy will be enhanced by
consideration, during the design, of technologies and practices that are sustainable in
accordance with the EPA Region 2’s Clean and Green Energy Policy and NYSDEC’s
Green Remediation Policy.32 This will include consideration of green remediation
technologies and practices.
Comment #298: A commenter noted that there are many cities that are taking measures
to mitigate CSOs by reducing the contribution of stormwater to the sewers. Two
commenters suggested that green infrastructure initiatives be employed at this Site.
Response #298: NYC has a commitment to the State under an Administrative Consent
Order to undertake green infrastructure projects in the watershed that affects this part of
the Gowanus Canal. NYC has estimated that it can achieve a ten percent further
reduction of CSO inflows over the next ten or 20 years. The EPA supports such use of
green infrastructure generally, and with respect to such Site-related efforts such as the
Sponge Park and green street ends.
32 See http://epa.gov/region2/superfund/green_remediation and http://www.dec.ny.gov/docs/
remediation_hudson_ pdf/der31.pdf.
V-186
Institutional Controls
Comment #299: ConEd suggested that existing institutional controls (i.e., the New York
State Department of Health fish consumption advisory for Upper New York Harbor) is
the best method to address human health risks from exposure to PCBs in the canal
because the remedy will not reduce these risks to acceptable levels.
Response #299: The remedy is expected to result in risk reduction and a greater degree
of protection for the local fishing community than would be achieved by institutional
controls alone. As noted previously, fishing advisories are not typically a fully effective
means of avoiding risk exposure, particularly in communities with EJ concerns where
subsistence fish is practiced. Because the selected remedy will not fully eliminate the
risk, the EPA will continue to support the dissemination of the fish advisory-related
information.
Comment #300: NYCDEP noted that no details are provided on the requirements of
institutional controls and there is no cost estimate for them. While some of these items
will be relatively inexpensive, others–such as navigational dredging–could be
significant, particularly if the EPA is successful in extending the navigational channel to
the head of the canal.
Response #300: Dredging solely for navigational purposes is not considered to be an
institutional control. While institutional controls to prevent damage to the cap armor
layer by potential future navigational dredging are needed, the cost of obtaining such
controls would not be significant. The FS costs are developed for the purpose of
comparing alternatives and are not a detailed project budget.
Water Supply Contamination Concerns
Comment #301: Given the levels of bacterial and industrial contamination in the
Gowanus Canal, a commenter asked whether there has been or will there be any
testing of nearby residential and business tap water for cross-contamination. The
commenter also stated that she tested her tap water with a store-bought water testing
kit. Since the results show elevated levels of pesticides and bacteria, she requested
that the water of local residents, especially those located near the pump station, former
MGP facilities and major CSO outfalls be tested to ensure that there is no potential
exposure pathway being generated from local contaminated groundwater impacting the
drinking water supply.
Response #301: Water distribution systems are under pressure. As a result, water can
leak out of the pipes, but infiltration of contaminants into the system from groundwater
and CSOs is virtually impossible. Therefore, with the exception of water main breaks
(where special procedures are employed to prevent water contamination),
contamination of the water supply system from external sources is virtually impossible.
V-187
In order to ensure that tap water is safe to drink, the EPA and NYSDOH prescribe
regulations that tell water suppliers what to monitor for and limit the amount of certain
contaminants in water provided by public water systems.33 Contaminants are monitored
for microbial presence, turbidity, inorganic chemicals (i.e., lead), organic chemicals (i.e.,
pesticides and herbicides) and radioactive material. To comply with these
requirements, NYCDEP has an extensive monitoring system in place to ensure that the
drinking water meets all federal and state standards.
The National Primary Drinking Water Regulations and the NYSDOH Sanitary Code
require suppliers of drinking water to prepare an Annual Water Supply and Quality
Report. The purpose of this report is to provide the public with an annual statement
regarding the quality of their drinking water. The latest NYCDEP report, 2012 Drinking
Water Supply and Quality Report, which can be found using the following link:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/pdf/wsstate12.pdf. As can be seen by the table on page
10, NYC is meeting the applicable standards.
Concerns Related to New York City and National Grid
Comment #302: A commenter stated that it is common knowledge that the EPA met
with officials from the Bloomberg administration and National Grid, both in New York
and in Washington, and that those meetings influenced the remedy proposed in the
Proposed Plan. The commenter requested that details of these meetings be shared
with the public.
Response #302: While the EPA had numerous meetings with NYCDEP and National
Grid in the months prior to the release of the Proposed Plan to discuss technical issues
related to the Site, their independent sampling efforts and their concerns about certain
aspects of the remedial alternatives that were presented in the FS report, the remedy
for the cleanup of the canal that was proposed in the Proposed Plan document was
developed by the EPA alone with input from NYSDEC, not NYCDEP or National Grid.
Presentations, correspondence and reports submitted to the EPA by the PRPs are
included in the Administrative Record. During periodic meetings with the CAG, the EPA
project team provided overviews of its meetings with the PRPs. In addition, members of
the CAG and the public participated in meetings with officials from the EPA, NYSDEC,
NYCDEP and National Grid.
The volume of comments on the Proposed Plan submitted by NYCDEP and National
Grid attest to the fact that they have numerous objections to the EPA’s proposed
remedy (which would not be the case if NYCDEP and National Grid had unduly
influenced the remedy proposed in the Proposed Plan).
33 It should be noted that drinking water may reasonably be expected to contain small amounts
of some contaminants. The presence of contaminants does not necessarily indicate that water
poses a health risk.
V-188
Comment #303: A commenter opined that NYC and National Grid can never be trusted
to do a proper cleanup. The commenter suggested that the EPA take over the cleanup
of the contaminated upland properties and make NYC and National Grid pay for the
cleanups.
Response #303: When viable PRPs are able and willing to perform remedial work, it is
the EPA’s policy to let the PRPs perform the work under an appropriate enforcement
agreement. Based on the results of the EPA's RI, several NYC-owned upland areas
were found to have the potential to contribute contamination to the canal and were
referred to NYSDEC for investigation and, if necessary, remediation under the State
Superfund program. The investigation and remediation of the former MGP facilities, as
well as the long-term control planning and CSO control measures under the CWA are
being performed under NYSDEC oversight. In addition, it is anticipated that any
investigation and remediation of NYC-owned upland properties will be performed under
NYSDEC oversight. In the unlikely event that a timely and effective State-selected
remedy is not implemented at any upland site, the EPA may implement actions
pursuant to CERCLA to ensure the protectiveness of the selected remedy.
Comment #304: A commenter asked whether the EPA believes that NYC has done an
appropriate job in keeping the canal clean.
Response #304: Clearly, the Gowanus Canal is not clean. In fact, the Gowanus Canal
has served as an open sewer since it was initially constructed in the late 1860s. As a
result of the poor environmental practices typical of the era, large quantities of wastes
from many of these operations were discharged directly into the canal. By the late
1870s, sewers entering the canal carried a combination of household waste, industrial
effluent from the former MGP facilities and other industries and stormwater runoff.
While direct discharges to the canal from industrial activities were substantially reduced
or controlled over time because of declining industrial activity and the implementation of
the CWA in the early 1970s, discharges from upland contaminated areas adjacent to
the canal, CSOs, storm sewers and unpermitted pipe outfalls continue to contribute
contaminants to the canal. While CSOs are a very visible source of contamination to
the canal, they are not the only source of contamination to the canal.
NYSDEC is currently overseeing work being performed by NYCDEP to reduce CSOs to
the canal by approximately 34 percent. These reductions, however, affect only the mid-
and lower canal CSO outfalls. Annual CSO discharges from outfalls at the upper
portion of the canal will still contribute approximately 97 percent of the total annual CSO
flow into the canal. To prevent recontamination of the canal by hazardous substances,
CSO control measures for the upper reach of the canal need to be implemented under
CERCLA.
V-189
Litter and Debris
Comment #305: A commenter asked how the garbage and litter will be removed from
the canal.
Response #305: Urban waterways often have significant quantities of debris and
oversized materials, such as cobbles, bricks, large rocks, tires, cables, bicycles,
shopping carts, steel drums, timbers and automobiles located in the bottom sediments.
Oversized debris that could impede the dredging will be removed before the dredging
commences. Debris removal would likely be performed using an excavator positioned
on a barge. Larger debris might require removal using a crane and clamshell bucket.
Smaller debris will be screened out after dredging. Although garbage and litter will not
be actively sought, it is likely that items located on the bottom of the canal will be
captured in the dredging process.
Comment #306: A commenter asked how litter will be kept out of the canal after the
remediation is completed.
Response #306: Much of the litter that ends up in the canal is washed off of the ground
surface during storm events. Addressing the CSOs will prevent much additional litter
from being washed into the canal. Work being performed by NYC under the CWA is
expected to result in additional controls of floatables.
Environmental Justice
Comment #307: A commenter asked the EPA take into consideration and examine the
Gowanus and Red Hook communities as potential EJ communities. Accordingly, the
ROD would need to include an EJ assessment with a Community Involvement Plan
(CIP) geared toward the needs of those communities.
Response #307: The EPA defines EJ as the fair treatment and meaningful involvement
of all people regardless of race, color, national origin or income with respect to the
development, implementation and enforcement of environmental laws, regulations and
policies. The EPA recognizes the Red Hook area is an area with EJ concerns. An EJ
assessment is included in the ROD and a CIP has been prepared. As noted further
below, the EPA believes that the selected remedy will result in significant reductions in
environmental exposure to all of the affected communities near the canal, including the
communities with EJ concerns.
Comment #308: A commenter opined that the EPA should conduct an analysis of the
burden on the EJ community with respect to installing a sewage retention tank at the
former Fulton MGP State Superfund site and constructing a CDF. Two commenters
stated that the EPA should assess the need to modify the implementation of the
selected remedy to minimize any disproportionately high and adverse environmental
burdens impacting the EJ community. Two commenters opined that the EPA should
minimize any disproportionately high and adverse environmental burdens impacting
V-190
communities with EJ concerns and the environmental burdens should be shared by all
of the communities along the canal. Another commenter opined that since much of the
EJ community lives in close proximity to the upland facilities, the EPA should minimize
any adverse environmental burdens to the communities with EF concerns and the
impacts to their daily lives and businesses. The commenter further opined that unless
the affected residents are involved in the planning, they will suffer health risks and
disruptions associated with the cleanup without any benefit. Two commenters noted
that concerns about affordable housing and gentrification will grow for the majority of the
population in the area as the cleanup progresses. A commenter expressed the belief
that there should be federal monitoring of demographic shifts that take place as a result
of the remediation and support for a broader community involvement can focus on these
issues.
Response #308: While the implementation of the remedy in the canal might present
various short-term construction-related impacts to the entire Gowanus Canal community
as a result of increased traffic on the roads, more frequent opening of the drawbridges
and noise and the implementation of the remedies in the upland areas might present
short-term impacts to those living adjacent to those areas as a result of increased traffic
on the roads and noise, the actions will be performed in such a way as to not present an
environmental burden on the community in terms of exposure to contaminants. In
addition, the completed remediation efforts at the upland facilities and in the canal will
not present a long-term adverse environmental burden on any portion of the community.
The EPA believes that the remediation of the canal will reduce the environmental
burdens on the communities with EJ concerns, as well as the other residents and users
of the canal area. Project benefits will include reduced contaminant levels in fish
consumed by subsistence fishermen, removal of hazardous substances in sediment
and upland areas and reductions in sewage discharges impacting the canal and
surrounding areas during flooding.
The EPA acknowledges the desire of the community to minimize and distribute the
burdens associated with comprehensively addressing the long-standing canal
contamination currently impacting the various neighborhoods. As a practical matter,
temporary project impacts related to the dredging, CSO controls, remediation of the
three former MGP facilities and other project-related work will necessarily occur
throughout the length of the canal. For example, the former MGP facilities are roughly
located at the upper, middle and lower ends of the canal. Non-former MGP facilities
requiring cleanup are also distributed throughout the area. Dredging will occur over the
length of the canal. Approximately 50% of the volume of sediment to be removed is in
the lower reach, adjacent to Red Hook. The contemplated CSO retention tanks are
located in the upper and middle reach of the canal.
The EPA intends to continue to keep the public informed as to what is going on and
what is planned at the Site via its website and community meetings.
One of the objectives of remediating hazardous waste sites is to restore them to
productive use. The EPA has no control over the availability of affordable housing and
V-191
any gentrification that may occur as a result of the remediation of the canal and upland
areas. The nature of the post-remediation use of the upland areas will be determined
by local authorities.
Job Opportunities
Comment #309: Several commenters asked about the type and number of jobs that the
CDF would create and what kind of training would be necessary for those jobs. A
commenter suggested that the cleanup contractor work with local agencies, schools,
unions and other training providers to train as many local workers as possible to
alleviate local unemployment. A commenter suggested that the approximate $500
million investment in cleaning up the canal should be leveraged to benefit local low and
moderate income residents with barriers to employment. The commenter suggested
further that the cleanup plan specifically commit to this goal through the JTI. Another
commenter noted that offering employment exclusively to people who live in a particular
area violates equal employment opportunity laws.
Response #309: Although a CDF will not be constructed, substantial work will still occur.
Every construction project creates jobs. At the time of the stimulus program two years
ago, the President's Council of Economic Advisors estimated that one job is created for
every hundred thousand dollars of construction work. Therefore, a project of this size
would be expected to generate a number of jobs. Based on the EPA’s experience in
the Superfund program, construction jobs for Superfund project typically utilize 70 to 80
percent local workers, particularly for construction jobs that are going to last for several
years. Union jobs are also usually filled on a local basis.
The EPA has been a strong supporter of job training initiatives for people who find it
difficult to get into the work force because of inadequate education or personal
difficulties, such as a criminal record. Through the Job Training Institute (JTI) at the
Passaic River and Onondaga Lake Superfund facilities, specialized job training was
provided and the PRPs encouraged their contractors to hire from that program. The
EPA anticipates supporting a similar job training program at the Site. National Grid, one
of the PRPs for this Site, has been a strong supporter of an existing job training
program in Brooklyn.
The EPA cannot identify precisely what kind of jobs would have been created related to
the CDF or the other components of the remedy. Graduates of JTI would, however, be
able to fill mostly entry level jobs, such as Site security, traffic control and air and noise
monitoring.
While the EPA does not have the authority to compel the PRPs to hire locally or hire
from the portion of the community that is disadvantaged, the EPA is committed to
encouraging the PRPs to do so.
V-192
Availability of Data in Usable Format
Comment #310: A commenter complained that since the charts and tables in the RI/FS
reports are presented in Portable Document Format (PDF), performing any analysis of
the data requires parsing the PDF into a usable format, which can be time consuming
and inevitably increases the likelihood of transcription errors. The commenter
suggested that the data be made available in a more data-friendly format.
Response #310: The RI/FS reports, including the charts and tables, were presented in
PDF format on the EPA’s website and the compact disc in the repositories to facilitate
the public’s review of these documents. The original tables and figures were prepared
using Excel. These files are available on the EPA’s website (see http://www.epa.
gov/region2/superfund/npl/gowanus/ri_docs.html).
General Concerns
Comment #311: Two commenters indicated that their primary environmental concerns
with respect to the canal were the coal tars in the upland former MPG facilities, the
quality of the water in the canal and persistent localized flooding in the area adjacent to
the canal that also resulted in sewer backups into the basements of homes along the
canal. The commenters expressed disappointment with the fact that CERCLA was not
designed to directly address these problems other than the coal tars.
Response #311: The purpose of CERCLA is to address uncontrolled hazardous waste
releases; the law is not designed to address every environmental problem. The EPA is
confident that the former MGP facilities will be properly addressed under the State
Superfund and Brownfield Cleanup programs by National Grid. CSO controls, to the
extent additional controls are needed beyond those required for the canal remedy,
should be addressed under the CWA LTCP.
Comment #312: Two commenters expressed concern that the increased barge traffic in
the canal related to the remediation will require more frequent opening of the
drawbridges, resulting in massive traffic jams. The commenters also expressed
concern that the dredging and capping effort would impact recreational boating for
several years.
Response #312: The use of barges and other project-related watercraft (for sampling,
support, etc.) during project operations will impact the use of other commercial and
recreational water-based traffic on the canal and will impact road traffic through more
frequent opening of the drawbridges. Although the EPA will, in collaboration with the
PRPs and the public, develop plans during the remedial design to mitigate such impacts
to the extent possible, these impacts cannot be fully eliminated.
V-193
Comment #313: A commenter opined that coordination with the NYSDEC-supervised
cleanups of the former Fulton, Citizens and Metropolitan MGP facilities and other
contaminated properties along the canal, coordination with the USACE on shoreline and
bulkhead restoration post cleanup and NYC-wide CSO control efforts under the CWA
and the 2012 CSO administrative consent order between NYC and NYSDEC are
critically important to the success of the cleanup.
Response #313: The EPA is aware of the need to coordinate the cleanup of the former
MGP facilities and other contaminated properties along the canal with NYSDEC,
coordinate the NYCDEP-performed CSO control efforts with NYCDEP and NYSDEC
and coordinate post-remediation shoreline and bulkhead restoration with the USACE,
NYSDEC and NYCDEP.
The cleanup of the former MGP facilities will be completed in accordance with
schedules agreed upon between the EPA and NYSDEC to insure that releases from the
former MGP facilities are controlled in a timely enough manner so as not to affect the
integrity of the canal remedy.
The EPA and NYSDEC are committed to working with NYCDEP throughout the
remedial design to ensure that the Superfund remedy is implemented in a timely
manner and that the CWA goals are met cost-effectively to the extent that the LTCP
development can proceed contemporaneously.
The EPA has prepared a series of approaches to coordinate and expedite bulkhead
replacement regardless of the extent to which such bulkhead replacement is part of the
remedy. The EPA has already held talks with the USACE, NYSDEC and NYC about
cooperative approaches to address bulkhead replacement and restoration along the
canal.
Comment #314: A commenter complained that National Grid’s website, for the former
Fulton MGP State Superfund site, which is supposed to provide regular facility news
and updates, has not been updated since September 2012. The commenter also
complained that, contrary to the updating requirements of 6 NYCRR Part 375-1. 10, the
Citizen Participation Plan for the facility is more than five years old.
Response #314: Since the Public Place and Fulton former MGP facilities are being
addressed under state authorities, the complaints were passed on to NYSDEC.
Comment #315: A commenter suggested that the EPA adopt a “Notify NYC” system to
quickly notify the public of any potential health and safety concerns regarding the
Gowanus Canal cleanup, including but not limited to, flooding, air quality, accidents and
spills that may occur under any of the responsible parties or agencies involved in the
cleanup.
Response #315: Protocols for the notification of the public of potential health and safety
concerns related to the Gowanus Canal remediation will be developed during the design
with public input and will be incorporated into a Site-specific health and safety plan.
V-194
References
The technical references cited below, as well as in the EPA’s Proposed Plan, RI, FS
and FS Addendum reports, if not otherwise directly included in the administrative record
for the Site, are incorporated by reference.
Anchor QEA, 2012. Phase 1 Remedial Investigation Work Plan Addendum: Reference
Area Memorandum No. 2. Prepared for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Region 2. October 1.
Antemir, A, P., J. Carey, C. D. Hills, K. H. Gardner, E. R. Bates, and A. K. Crumbie,
2010. Long-term Performance of Aged Waste Forms Treated by
Stabilization/Solidification, Journal of Hazardous Materials,181, No. 1-3, 65-73.
Association of State and Territorial ASTSWMO Solid Waste Management Officials.
Sediment Focus Group. Sediment Remedy Effectiveness and Recontamination:
Selected Case Studies. April 2013.
ASTM. 2000b. Standard guide for conducting 10-day static sediment toxicity tests with
marine and estuarine amphipods. E1367-99 Annual Book of ASTM Standards Vol.
13.04, West Conshohocken, PA.
ASTM. 2000a. Standard guide for collection, storage, characterization, and
manipulation of sediments for toxicological testing. E1391-94. In Annual Book of ASTM
Standards, Vol. 11.05, West Conshohocken, PA.
ASTM. 2000b. Standard guide for conducting 10-day static sediment toxicity tests with
marine and estuarine amphipods. E1367-99 Annual Book of ASTM Standards Vol.
13.04, West Conshohocken, PA.
ASTM. 2000a. Standard guide for collection, storage, characterization, and
manipulation of sediments for toxicological testing. E1391-94. In Annual Book of ASTM
Standards, Vol. 11.05, West Conshohocken, PA.
ASTSWMO (Association of State and Territorial Solid Waste Management Officials).
2013. Sediment Remedy Effectiveness and Recontamination: Selected Case Studies.
CERCLA and Brownfields Research Center, Sediment Focus Group. April.
AWTA (Anacostia Watershed Toxics Alliance). 2002. Charting a Course Toward
Restoration: A Toxic Chemical Management Strategy for the Anacostia River. Prepared
by AWTA and the Anacostia Watershed Restoration Commission (AWRC). October 7.
Bathi, J., R. Pitt, and S. Clark. 2012. Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons in Urban Stream
Sediments. Advances in Civil Engineering. Vol. 2012, Article ID 372395. Hindawi
Publishing Corporation.
Bertrand-Krajewski, J.L., Chebbo, G. and Saget, A. (1998). Distribution of Pollutant
Mass vs. Volume in Stormwater Discharges and the First Flush Phenomenon, Water
Research, Vol. 32, No. 8, 1998, 2341-2356.
V-195
Brown, J., D. Ackerman and E. Stein. 2012. Continuous in situ characterization of
particulate sizes in urban stormwater: method testing and refinement. J. Environ. Eng.,
138(6), 673-679.
Burger, J. 2002. Consumption Patterns and Why People Fish. Environmental Research
Section A 90, 125–135.
Cohen, L. 2013. Source Control at Superfund Sites: Northwest Region. Proceedings of
the 7th International Conference on Remediation of Contaminated Sediments. Battelle.
February.
Dalton, M. and P. Fuglevand. 2013. Recontamination of the Foss Waterway, Year 7
Post-remediation Update. Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on
Remediation of Contaminated Sediments. Battelle. February.
DeGroot, G. and P. Weiss. 2008. Stormwater Particles Sampling Literature Review. St.
Anthony Falls Laboratory, University of Minnesota. June.
Deletic, A. (1998). The First Flush Load of Urban Surface Run-off, Water Research, Vol.
32, No. 8, 2462-2470.
EPA, 1988. Guidance for Conducting Remedial Investigations and Feasibility Studies
under CERCLA. EPA/540/G-89/004. October 1988.
EPA, 1993. Combined Sewer Overflow Control Manual. U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency, Office of Research and Development, Center for Environmental Research
Information, Cincinnati, OH. EPA 625-R-93-007. September 1993.
EPA, 1999. Combined Sewer Overflow Technology Fact Sheet - Retention Basins, the
EPA 832-F-99-042.
EPA, 2000. A Guide to Developing and Documenting Cost Estimates during the
Feasibility Study. EPA 540-4-00-002. August 2000.
EPA, 2001a. Methods for collection, storage, and manipulation of sediments for
Chemical and Toxicological Analyses. Technical Manual. Office of Science and
Technology. Office of Water. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Washington, D.C
the EPA/823/B/01/002.
EPA, 2001b. Method for Assessing the Chronic Toxicity of Marine and Estuarine
Sediment-associated Contaminants with the Amphipod Leptocheirus plumulosus. First
Edition. Office of Science and Technology. Office of Water. U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency. Washington, D.C. EPA 600/R-01/020. March 2001
EPA, 2001a. Methods for collection, storage, and manipulation of sediments for
Chemical and Toxicological Analyses. Technical Manual. Office of Science and
Technology. Office of Water. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Washington, D.C
EPA/823/B/01/002.
EPA, 2001b. Method for Assessing the Chronic Toxicity of Marine and Estuarine
Sediment-associated Contaminants with the Amphipod Leptocheirus plumulosus. First
Edition. Office of Science and Technology. Office of Water. U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency. Washington, D.C. EPA 600/R-01/020. March 2001
V-196
EPA, 2002.”Solidification/Stabilization Use at Superfund Sites,” Report No. EPA 542-R-
00-010, Washington, DC. 2002
EPA, 2002. Technical Basis for the Derivation of Equilibrium Partitioning Sediment
Guidelines (ESGs) for the Protection of Benthic Organisms: Nonionic Organics. The
EPA Number 822-R-02-041. Office of Science and Technology and Office of Research
and Development. October 2002.
EPA, 2005. Contaminated Sediment Remediation Guidance for Hazardous Waste Sites.
Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response. EPA-540-R-05-012 OSWER 9355.0-
85. December 2005.
EPA, 2005. Contaminated Sediment Remediation Guidance for Hazardous Waste Sites.
Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response. EPA-540-R-05-012 OSWER 9355.0-
85. December 2005.
EPA, 2010. “Superfund Remedy Report, Thirteenth Edition,” Report No. The
EPA/542/R-10/004, Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response Washington, DC,
September 2010.
EPA, 2013. United States Environmental Protection Agency Bench-Scale Testing
Report, August 2013
EPRI (Electric Power Research Institute), 2003. “Evaluation of the Effectiveness of In-
situ Solidification/Stabilization at the Columbus, Georgia, Manufactured Gas Plant Site,”
Report 1009095, Palo Alto, CA, September, 56 pp.
EPRI, 2009a. “Leaching Assessment Methods for the Evaluation of the Effectiveness of
In-Situ Stabilization of Soil Material at Manufactured Gas Plant Sites,” Report 1015553,
Palo Alto, CA, March, 144 pp.
EPRI, 2009b. “An Integrated Approach to Evaluating In-Situ Solidification/Stabilization
of Coal Tar Impacted Soils,” Report 1018612, Palo Alto, CA, March, 66 pp.
Flint, K. R. and Davis, A. P. (2007). Pollutant Mass Flushing Characterization of
Highway Stormwater Runoff from an Ultra-Urban Area, Journal of Environmental
Engineering, Vol. 133, No. 6, 616-626
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2011. Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Winter
Summary Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, the EPA ID No.
NYN000206222. Prepared for National Grid. October.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2012b. Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Spring
Summary Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, the EPA ID No.
NYN000206222. Prepared for National Grid. December.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2012a. Sediment and Surface Water Sampling Summer
Summary Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Brooklyn, New York, the EPA ID No.
NYN000206222. Prepared for National Grid. July.
GEI (GEI Consultants, Inc.). 2007. Draft Remedial Investigation Technical Report,
Gowanus Canal, Brooklyn, New York, ACO Index No. A2-0523-0705. April.
V-197
Going Coastal, Inc. 2010. REEL IT IN! BROOKLYN. Fish Consumption Education
Project in Brooklyn.
Grant, S.B., N. Rekhi, N. Pice, R. Reeves, M. Matsumoto, A. Wistrom. L. Moussa, S.
Bay, and M. Kayhanian. 2003. A review of the contaminants and toxicity associated with
particles in stormwater runoff. Prepared for the California Department of Transportation,
Sacramento, CA.
Hwang, H. and G.D. Foster. 2005. Characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons
in urban stormwater runoff flowing into the tidal Anacostia River, Washington D.C.,
USA. Environmental Pollution (140), 416-426.
Ingersoll CG, Kemble NE, Kunz JL, Brumbaugh WG, Macdonald DD, Smorong D. 2009.
Toxicity of sediment cores collected from the Ashtabula River in Northeastern Ohio,
USA, to the amphipod Hyalella azteca. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol. 2009 Aug;
57(2):315-29
ITRC (Interstate Technology & Regulatory Council), 2011. Development of Performance
Specifications for Solidification/Stabilization. July 2011.
Larsen, T., Broch, K., and Andersen, M. R. (1998). First Flush Effects in an Urban
Catchment Area in Aalborg, Water Science & Technology, 37(1): 251-257.
Lau, S.L., Han Y., Kang, J.H., Kayhanian, M., Stenstrom, M.K. (2009). Characteristics
of Highway Stormwater Runoff in Los Angeles: Metals and Polycyclic Aromatic
Hydrocarbons, Water Environment Research. 81(3):308-18.
Lee, J.H., Bang, K. W., Ketchum, L.H., Choe, J.S., Yu, M.J. (2002). First flush analysis
of urban storm runoff, Sci. Total Environ. 293(1-3): 163-175.
Li, Y., Kang, J. Lau, S.L.; Kayhanian, M. and Stenstrom, M.K. (2008). Optimization of
Settling Tank Design to Remove Particles and Metals, Journal of Environmental
Engineering, Vol. 134, No. 11, 885-894.
Maher, 2005. Maher, A., Najm, H., and Boile, M. Solidification/Stabilization of Soft
River Sediments Using Deep Soil Mixing. Final Report, October 2005
Mitsova, D., Vos, J., Gardinali, P., Stafeychuk, I. (2011). Variability in Road Runoff
Pollution by Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the Urbanized Area Adjacent
to Biscayne Bay, Florida, Journal of Environmental Protection, 2011(2): 1317-1330.
Mount. D. 2011. Phone conversation between Dr. David Mount of the EPA Research
Laboratory, Duluth, MN and Frank S. Dillon of CH2M HILL. November 2011.
Mount. D. 2011. Phone conversation between Dr. David Mount of the EPA Research
Laboratory, Duluth, MN and Frank S. Dillon of CH2M HILL. November 2011.
Nazahiyah, R., Yusop, Z., and Abustan, I. (2007). Stormwater quality and pollution
loading from an urban residential catchment in Johor, Malaysia, Water Science &
Technology, Vol.56, No.7, 1-9.
NewFields. 2007. Draft Report, Environmental Forensic Investigation, Gowanus Canal,
Brooklyn, New York. Prepared for KeySpan Corporation. March.
V-198
NYCDEP (New York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2008. Gowanus
Canal WWFP Report. New York City Department of Environmental Protection, Bureau
of Engineering Design and Construction. City-wide Long Term CSO Control Planning
Project. August.
NYCDEP (New York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2008. Gowanus
Canal WWFP Report. NYC Department of Environmental Protection, Bureau of
Engineering Design and Construction. City-Wide Long Term CSO Control Planning
Project. August.
NYCDEP (New York City Department of Environmental Protection). 1993. Inner Harbor
CSO Facility Planning Project. Task 4.3B, Gowanus Canal Modeling. Prepared by
HydroQual, Inc. under subcontract to Hazen and Sawyer, P.C. December.
NYCDEP (New York City Department of Environmental Protection), 2007. Alley Creek
WWFP Report. New York City Department of Environmental Protection, Bureau of
Engineering Design and Construction. City-wide Long Term CSO Control Planning
Project. September 2007.
NYCDEP (New York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2007. Receiving
Water Quality Monitoring Report, Volume 4, Gowanus Canal. September.
NYCDEP (New York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2009. Comments
of the City of New York on the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s
Proposal to Add the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn, New York to the National Priorities
List, EPA-HQ-SFUND-2009-0063, July.
NYCDEP, 2010. (New York City Department of Environmental Protection). Bronx River
Waterbody Watershed Plan, July.
NYCDEP (York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2011. The EPA
Coordination Meeting, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site. PowerPoint presentation,
February 11.
NYCDEP (York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2012. Environmental
Dredging Permit Application, February.
NYCDEP (York City Department of Environmental Protection). 2013. PlaNYC Progress
Report, June.
Palermo, M., Maynord, S., Miller, J., and Reible, D. 1998. “Guidance for In-Situ
Subaqueous Capping of Contaminated Sediments," EPA 905-B96-004, Great Lakes
National Program Office, Chicago, IL.
Sansalone, J. J. and Buchberger, S. G. (1997). Partitioning and First Flush of Metals in
Urban Roadway Storm Water, Journal of Environmental Engineering, Vol. 123, No. 2,
134-143.
Stein, E. D., Tiefenthaler, L., Schiff K (2006). “Watershed-Based Sources of Polycyclic
Aromatic Hydrocarbons in Urban Storm Water”, Environmental Toxicology and
Chemistry, Vol. 25, No. 2, 373–385.
V-199
Stenstrom, M. K., and Kayhanian, M. (2005). First Flush Phenomenon Characterization.
Technical Report Prepared for California Department of Transportation, Division of
Environmental Analysis, Report No. CTSW-RT-05-73-02.6.
Stern, J. 2013. Sediment Remediation, Regional Sources and CWA Compliance in the
Lower Duwamish – Implications for Municipalities. Proceedings of the 7th International
Conference on Remediation of Contaminated Sediments. Battelle. February.
Tatem, H. E., “Use of Daphnia magna and Mysidopsis almyra to Assess Sediment
Toxicity,” Water Quality ’88, Seminar Proceedings, Charleston, SC, USACE Committee
on Water Quality, Washington, DC, 1988.
Tatem, H. E., “Use of Daphnia magna and Mysidopsis almyra to Assess Sediment
Toxicity,” Water Quality ’88, Seminar Proceedings, Charleston, SC, USACE Committee
on Water Quality, Washington, DC, 1988.
YouTube video, September 16, 2010 CSO Event,
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzWOOqPAEgs
Zhang, W., Keller, A.A., Yue, D., and Wang, X. (2009). Management of Urban Road
Runoff Containing PAHs: Probabilistic Modeling and Its Application in Beijing, China.
Journal of the American Water Resources Association (JAWRA) 45(4):1009-1018.
V-200


Geotechnical
Environmental
Water Resources
Ecological
Groundwater Model Report
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
EPA ID#: NYN000206222
Submitted to:
National Grid
287 Maspeth Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11211
Submitted by:
GEI Consultants, Inc. Mutch Associates, LLC
455 Winding Brook Drive 360 Darlington Ave.
Glastonbury, CT 06033 Ramsey, NJ 07446
860-368-5300 201-669-4171
David B. Terry, P.G. Robert D. Mutch, Jr. P.Hg, P.E.
Project Manager President and Principal Groundwater Hydrologist
December 2011
Project #093010-5-1506
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Table of Contents
Executive Summary iv
1. Introduction 1
2. Model Description 2
2.1 Conceptual Site Model 2
2.2 Assumptions 5
2.3 Model Grid 6
2.4 Boundary Conditions 7
2.4.1 Constant Head Boundaries 7
2.4.2 Recharge 7
2.4.3 Drains/Utilities 8
2.4.4 No-Flow (Inactive) Boundaries 9
2.4.5 Bulkheads 10
2.4.6 Supply Pumping 11
2.5 Hydraulic Conductivity 11
2.5.1 Fill/Shallow Sand 11
2.5.2 Marsh Deposits/Sediments 12
2.5.3 Upper Glacial Aquifer 13
2.5.4 Gardiners Clay 14
2.5.5 Jameco Gravel 15
3. Calibration 17
3.1 Shallow Zone 19
3.2 Upper Glacial Aquifer 19
3.3 Jameco Gravel 20
3.4 Sediments/Marsh Deposits 21
4. Sensitivity Analysis 22
5. Validation 23
5.1 Water Supply Pumping 23
5.2 Reduced Precipitation 24
6. Findings and Recommendations 25
6.1 Findings 25
6.1.1 Base Flow Estimate 25
6.1.2 Groundwater Contribution Area 25
6.2 Recommendations 25
References 28
i
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Tables
1 Soil Boring Log Summary
2 Hydraulic Conductivity Zones
3 Calibration Data Set
4 Mass Balance
Figures
1-1 Groundwater Model Location
2-1 Groundwater Model Limits
2-2 Conceptual Schematic of Hydrogeologic Units in the Vicinity of the Site
2-3 USGS Regional Contours
2-4 1766 Map of Site Vicinity
2-5 Model Grid
2-6 Model Grid – Cross Section A-A’
2-7 Model Grid – Cross Sections B-B’ and C-C’
2-8 Shallow Constant Head and Drain Boundaries
2-9 Jameco Gravel Constant Head Boundaries
2-10 Recharge Boundaries
2-11 Canal/Bulkhead Detail
2-12 Bulkhead Conductivity
2-13 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 1
2-14 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 2
2-15 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 3
2-16 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 3 (Canal Detail)
2-17 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 4
2-18 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 5
2-19 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 6
2-20 Hydraulic Conductivity Layer 7
2-21 Cut-Away View Along Canal
2-22 Hydraulic Conductivity Cross Section A-A’
2-23 Hydraulic Conductivity Cross Sections B-B’ and C-C’
3-1 Calibration Curve – All Layers
3-2 Calibration Curve – Upper Glacial Aquifer (Layers 4 and 5)
3-3 Calibration Curve – Jameco Gravel (Layers 6 and 7)
3-4 Potentiometric Contours Cross Section A-A’
3-5 Potentiometric Contours Cross Sections B-B’ and C-C’
4-1 Sensitivity Analysis Hydraulic Conductivity 1
4-2 Sensitivity Analysis Hydraulic Conductivity 2
4-3 Sensitivity Analysis Areal Recharge
5-1 Historic Reported Well Yields
5-2 Historic Precipitation
6-1 Calculated Base Flow
6-2 Particle Flow Paths – Upper Glacial Aquifer
ii
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Appendix
Appendix A – Model Calibration and Validation
Figure A-1 USGS Groundwater Data Points
Figure A-2 Calibration Points Shallow
Figure A-3 Calibration Points Upper Glacial Aquifer
Figure A-4 Calibration Points Jameco Gravel
Figure A-5 Regional Soil Boring Data Points
Figure A-6 Qualitative Calibration – Shallow North
Figure A-7 Qualitative Calibration – Shallow Central
Figure A-8 Qualitative Calibration – Shallow South
Figure A-9 Qualitative Calibration Upper Glacial Aquifer
Figure A-10 Qualitative Calibration Jameco Gravel
Figure A-11 Model Validation Results – Partial Historic
Pumping
Figure A-12 Model Validation Results – Reduced Recharge
H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\GW Model Rept 122211.docx
iii
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Executive Summary
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) has issued a draft remedial
investigation (RI) report (EPA, 2011) and is currently performing a Feasibility Study (FS) of
remedial alternatives for the Gowanus Canal Superfund Site (the Site) in Brooklyn, New York.
On behalf of National Grid, GEI Consultants, Inc. (GEI), in collaboration with Mutch
Associates, LLC, developed a three-dimensional numerical groundwater flow model (computer
model) to be used for predicting hydraulic effects of potential remedial alternatives in support
of remedy selection.
The model is a representation of hydraulic conditions within the aquifer system at the Site and
the surrounding region. This report includes a description of the model, and guidance and
recommendations for its use in predicting the hydraulic effects of potential remedial
alternatives. The key model output parameters consist of water table elevation, potentiometric
head, flow direction, velocity, and base flow rate to the canal. The model was calibrated to
present-day conditions in the aquifer system. The objective functions of the model consist of:
 Quantitative estimate of present day (baseline) groundwater flow conditions.
 Quantitative prediction of groundwater flow after remedy implementation for
comparison to specified constraints.
 Comparative evaluation of potential remedial alternatives and design variables to
optimize efficiency and, if necessary, mitigate potential adverse hydraulic effects of
potential remedial alternatives.
The model is a representation of the portion of the regional aquifer that is hydraulically
connected to the canal. The modeled aquifer system includes a shallow (water table) unit,
outwash sand and till unit (Upper Glacial Aquifer), and an underlying gravel aquifer unit
(Jameco Gravel). The water table and Upper Glacial Aquifer units are separated in the area of
the Site by a marsh deposit aquitard. Shallow groundwater on Site is generally perched above
the marsh deposits, and discharges to the Gowanus Canal horizontally through permeable
bulkheads. Groundwater discharge from the Upper Glacial Aquifer to the canal is generally
upward through sediments. The Upper Glacial Aquifer and Jameco Gravel are separated in
some locations by the Gardiners Clay confining unit. Groundwater within the Jameco Gravel
flows upward into the Upper Glacial Aquifer in areas where the Gardiners Clay is thin, absent,
or is comprised primarily of sand.
The model was developed to simulate the anticipated potential remedial components of
sediment dredging, sediment capping, in-situ stabilization, and adjacent bulkhead
improvements. The model can also accommodate supplemental or ancillary systems such as
upland capping, relief drains, and groundwater extraction. As groundwater processes
associated with remedial components would be identified as part of the FS, a computer model
iv
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
assists in quantifying the processes. The model was developed to quantitatively predict
changes in water table elevation, groundwater flow direction, base flow, groundwater
velocities, and potentiometric head changes in the regional aquifer system. Evaluation of the
nature of these processes is essential to understanding the present and future behavior of
groundwater within and near the canal. Proceeding without modeling would preclude being
able to predict the effects of the remediation project on water quality and the water table
elevation following remediation. Recommendations are provided as to how remedial system
components may be included in the model, and how output can be interpreted to assist EPA in
selecting the most appropriate, effective, and sustainable solution to the issues in the Gowanus
Canal.
The approximately 1.8-mile-long canal is abutted by 80 parcels owned variously by 64 public
and private entities. Given the large size of the Site and number of abutting properties physical
constraints and timelines for remedy implementation are expected to vary by location within
the Site . The model was developed to simulate multiple systems under multiple timelines as
part of a holistic approach to Site remediation. The model can be used to evaluate system
redundancy, interferences, and adverse effects associated with a remedy comprised of multiple
components.
The model was developed using site-specific data collected from USEPA’s Remedial
Investigation (RI) of the Site, National Grid’s investigations of former Manufactured Gas Plant
(MGP) sites abutting the canal, and regional geologic and hydrogeologic data obtained from
the USGS and other published sources. The model was calibrated to a groundwater elevation
data set representing present conditions. The data set was seasonal- and tidal-averaged to
represent long-term steady state conditions. Site and regional groundwater elevation data
indicate that groundwater elevations in the regional aquifer system have remained relatively
constant over the past two decades. Site groundwater elevation measurements showed no
significant changes in groundwater flow patterns relative to the tide cycle or seasonal
fluctuations. The calibrated model was validated by modeling historic pumping and drought
events, and confirming that the calculated groundwater elevations were consistent with
historically documented groundwater elevations.
This report presents quantitative output from the calibrated model to support risk
characterization and hydrodynamic modeling for the Site. The model calculates a net base
flow to the canal of 675 gallons per minute. Model-calculated localized upward head potential
and base flow are also presented in this report. The area of contribution to the canal is an
approximate 2.8 square mile area centered about ½ mile east of the Site.
v
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
1. Introduction
On behalf of National Grid, GEI Consultants, Inc. (GEI), in collaboration with Mutch
Associates, LLC, developed and calibrated a numerical groundwater flow model for the area of
the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn, New York (the Site, Figure 1-1). The model was developed
to characterize the relationship of the canal to the surrounding aquifer, and to provide a model
for use in evaluating remedial alternatives for the canal and abutting sites. The purposes of this
report are to document the groundwater model and its calibration, and to provide a quantitative
description of present-day groundwater flow to serve as a baseline for risk assessment and
future remediation scenarios.
The work was done in accordance with the Groundwater Model Work Plan transmitted to
United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) on September 13, 2010 by National
Grid [GEI, 2010]. The work was performed by GEI between September 2010 and October
2011. This report is being submitted to the USEPA for inclusion in the Administrative Record
for the Gowanus Canal to provide an evaluation tool for use in screening and guiding the
selection of potential remedial alternatives.
This report is organized as follows. Section 2 provides a description of the structure of the
model and its boundary conditions. Section 3 describes the model calibration. Section 4
describes the sensitivity analysis. Section 5 describes model validation. Section 6 provides
findings and recommendations for use of the model in support of risk assessment and potential
remedial alternatives for the canal and abutting sites.
1
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
2. Model Description
A three-dimensional groundwater model was constructed using Visual MODFLOW version
2010.0 from Schlumberger Water Services (SWS). MODFLOW is an industry standard
program used for numerical groundwater modeling, developed by the United States Geological
Survey (USGS) [McDonald and Harbaugh, 1988]. MODFLOW is a modular finite-difference
flow model, which is a computer code that solves the general groundwater flow partial
differential equation. The groundwater flow equation is a mathematical relationship which is
used to describe the flow of groundwater through an aquifer. Visual MODFLOW is a
graphical user interface which facilitates model input and output. The model domain is
discretized into a number of three-dimensional blocks (rectangular cells) and boundary
conditions are applied. For each cell, MODFLOW computes the hydraulic head using a
number of hydrogeologic input parameters such as hydraulic conductivity. The site
MODFLOW model was run in steady-state mode. In steady-state mode, model inflows,
outflows, and heads do not vary over time. Steady-state results consist of a single flow field
representing a stable condition over time. Three-dimensional particle tracking was used in the
model to depict the predicted flow paths and velocities within the steady-state flow field.
Elevations in the model are relative to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD).
2.1 Conceptual Site Model
A conceptual site model (CSM) was developed to describe regional and local groundwater
flow for the purpose of constructing the model and defining boundary conditions. The CSM
was developed using information obtained during Remedial Investigation for activities for the
Gowanus Canal Site, abutting former Manufactured Gas Plant (MGP) sites, and regional
publications as cited below.
The model area is shown in Figure 2-1. Groundwater flow within the model area occurs in two
regional aquifers: The Upper Glacial Aquifer and the Jameco Gravel. Groundwater elevation
contours for the Upper Glacial Aquifer reported by USGS are shown in Figure 2-1. The bulk
of the Upper Glacial Aquifer consists of outwash sand with till lenses, but is also considered to
include overlying post-glacial deposits such as marsh deposits and fill [USGS, 1999]. The
Upper Glacial Aquifer is separated from the Jameco Gravel by the Gardiners Clay confining
unit in the eastern portion of the model area. Groundwater flows from the Jameco Gravel
upward to the Upper Glacial Aquifer through locations where the Gardiners Clay is not
present. A conceptual profile of the aquifer components is shown in Figure 2-2.
2
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Regional flow in the Upper Glacial and Jameco Gravel Aquifers in the area of the Site is
westerly to southwesterly as can be inferred from the regional groundwater contours shown in
Figure 2-3 [USGS 1997; USGS, 1999]. Groundwater approaching the Site within the Upper
Glacial Aquifer discharges to the canal or flows relatively parallel to the canal with regional
flow. Historic measurements shown in Appendix A, Figure A-1 indicate that water levels in
the Upper Glacial Aquifer have remained stable over the past decade.
Groundwater elevation measurements and soil boring observations indicate that the marsh
deposits at the Site are a significant confining or semiconfining unit. The water table near the
Site appears to be mounded (perched) above the marsh deposits. Groundwater elevations at the
water table (Figure A-2) in wells screened above the marsh deposits are higher than the
potentiometric surface observed within the Upper Glacial Aquifer beneath the marsh deposits
(Figure A-3). The historical extent of the marsh deposits is shown in Figure 2-4. Relatively
high mounding was observed at the former Citizens MGP site, in the area of the former holders
along 5th Street, which has been partially attributed to buried debris and structures.
Groundwater elevation heads in the Jameco Gravel (Fig. A-4) are generally slightly higher than
heads in the Upper Glacial Aquifer, indicating the potential for upward flow where the Jameco
Gravel is in direct contact with the Upper Glacial Aquifer.
Groundwater flow in the computer model is controlled by four sources and sinks:
Sources
 Recharge (rain and snowmelt)
 Regional Aquifer
Sinks
 Surface water (Gowanus Canal, East River, Gowanus Bay)
 Regional Aquifer
 Utility corridors
The Upper Glacial Aquifer is fed by local recharge and by upward flow from the Jameco
Gravel. The horizontal model limits were defined to represent approximate natural
groundwater divides within the Upper Glacial Aquifer. Radially outward flow from the area of
Prospect Park generally dominates the groundwater flow trends within in the eastern portion of
the model (Fig. 2-3).
The Jameco Gravel is fed by recharge zones in northern Long Island, flows southerly, and
discharges at locations within and downgradient of the model area (Fig. 2-3). Within the
model, groundwater in the Jameco Gravel discharges at locations where the Gardiners Clay is
absent.
3
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Utility corridors that influence the water table are located in the model at the Fulton Former
MGP Site and in a low-lying area surrounding Wallabout Bay (see Section 2.4.3). Regionally,
utility infiltration and exfiltration are expected to be present throughout urban areas. The
effects are assumed to be evenly spread, and as such can be incorporated in the model as part
of the soil hydraulic conductivity (for infiltration) or as a component of recharge (for
exfiltration).
The regional aquifer system was used historically as a significant water supply source until the
1960s. As a result of pumping, the water table was drawn down as much as 35 feet within the
model area. The water table has returned to its approximate original elevation (Cartwright,
2002), and periodic gauging results reported by USGS indicates that water levels have been
stable over the last decade (USGS, 2011). No active pumping of groundwater is reportedly
occurring near the Site (Roux Associates, 1990). USGS (1998) reports subway tunnel
dewatering occurs near the northern model boundary. Localized drawdown in the area of
dewatering was found to not significantly affect either the modeled regional groundwater flow
or model calibration.
The CSM for the regional aquifer system has five stratigraphic units: fill or native sand at the
surface, underlain by the silt/peat marsh deposits (where present), the Upper Glacial Aquifer,
the Gardiners Clay, and the Jameco Gravel. Underlying bedrock is assumed to be impervious.
Soil type and extent of the five stratigraphic units in the model are described in Section 2.5.
Regional lithology and hydrogeologic conditions were obtained for purposes of developing the
CSM from Buxton et al. (1981), Cartwright (2002), and EPA (2010b). Strata break elevations
used in defining model layers were interpreted from Former MGP and Gowanus Canal site
boring logs (GEI, 2005; EPA, 2010); and historic boring logs compiled by the New York State
Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) as made available by USGS
(NYSDEC, 1937; NYSDEC, 1944). Historic soil boring and Former MGP Site locations are
shown in Figure A-5. Soil boring logs used in development of the model are shown with the
interpreted strata break elevations in Table 1. Monitoring well locations for the Gowanus
Canal and Former MGP investigations are shown in Figures A-2, A-3, and A-4. Model grid
development is described in Section 2.3. Each CSM stratigraphic unit was assigned at least
one numerical layer in the computer model. The numerical model grid is shown in plan view
in Figure 2-5, and in cross-section in Figures 2-6 and 2-7.
The Upper Glacial Aquifer was divided into two numerical layers (4 and 5) for vertical
discretization and to allow for partially-penetrating cutoff walls to be modeled in potential
remediation scenarios. The marsh deposit layer was divided into two numerical layers to
accommodate sediments beneath the canal, and canal head boundaries above the sediments.
MODFLOW requires that the layer splits throughout the entire model, for continuity of the
finite-difference grid. For strata that are discontinuous within the model (marsh deposits,
sediments, the Gardiners Clay, and the Jameco Gravel), the numeric layers were extended
4
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
beyond the strata extent as described in Section 2.3. The following seven numerical layers
were assigned in the numerical model:
 Model Layer 1: Zone above the top of the silt/peat unit (primarily fill in the area of the
canal; native sand in upland areas further from the canal.
 Model Layer 2: Marsh deposits where present; open water within the canal, Gowanus
Bay, and the East River; Upper Glacial sand elsewhere.
 Model Layer 3: Same as layer 2, except includes sediments within the canal, Gowanus
Bay, and the East River.
 Model Layers 4 and 5: Upper Glacial Aquifer.
 Model Layer 6: Gardiners Clay where present; Upper Glacial Aquifer elsewhere.
 Model Layer 7: Jameco Gravel where present; Upper Glacial Aquifer elsewhere.
Bedrock observed at the Site is the Fordham Gneiss, which is described as a metamorphosed,
medium to coarse-grained igneous rock unit of Precambrian Age (P.C. Brock and P.W.G.
Brock, 2001). Regional down-warping of bedrock beneath the Site and the vicinity has
resulted in a southeast-dipping bedrock surface (EPA, 2003; Cartwright, R.A., 2002).
2.2 Assumptions
General assumptions inherent to MODFLOW are:
 Groundwater flow occurs within a three-dimensional heterogeneous, anisotropic,
saturated porous medium.
 Groundwater flow is laminar.
 Groundwater is incompressible.
Assumptions used in the development of the groundwater model that are specific to the Site
are:
 Groundwater flow conditions are at steady-state for calibration purposes.
 The calibration data set and interpreted groundwater flow directions and gradients
represent conditions typical of long-term present-day conditions, and are adequate for
evaluation and comparison of potential future remedial alternatives.
 The calibration data set is assumed to represent mid-tide conditions. For model
calibration purposes, groundwater levels taken at high and low tides were averaged to
represent a mid-tide level. Tidal fluctuations in ground water were measured during the
2005 Carroll Gardens/Public Place RI and during the 2010 Gowanus Canal RI. Tidal
fluctuations adjacent to the canal were assumed to not affect net long-term flow
directions or discharge rates to the canal.
5
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
 To model the net long-term effect of the canal surface elevation on groundwater, the
head boundary within the canal, Gowanus Bay, and the East River was assumed to be
Mean Sea Level.
 The calibration data set includes water level elevations taken during the 2005 Carroll
Gardens/Public Place RI and during the 2010 Gowanus Canal RI. Several monitoring
wells present in each respective investigation were not present during the other
investigation; therefore, not all wells in the data set could be gauged during the same
event. It is assumed that groundwater flow trends have remained stable over this
period, and the calibration data set adequately represents steady state long term
conditions at the Site for purposes of modeling the long-term effect of remedial systems
on groundwater.
 Each stratigraphic layer can be modeled as a homogeneous and horizontally isotropic
unit, with the following localized variations in hydraulic conductivity
- Fill material in the area of the canal consists of sand containing silt, debris, gravel,
and buried structures. It is assumed that the net effect of this condition can be
represented as zones with varying hydraulic conductivity.
- The hydraulic effects of inter-bedding (e.g. sand inter-bedded with layers of silt)
within each layer can be approximated in the model by assigning a vertical
anisotropy to hydraulic conductivity values.
 Temporary variations in canal surface water elevations due to combined sewer
overflow (CSO) discharges were assumed to not affect the long term static conditions
present within the aquifer system.
 It is assumed that bedrock is impermeable and contributes no significant groundwater
flow or pressure head to the overburden aquifers modeled.
2.3 Model Grid
The model is comprised of a grid 18,400 by 25,250 feet (3.5 by 4.75 miles) in area with depths
ranging from 100 to 250 feet deep as defined by the top of the Fordham Gneiss (Figures 2-5, 2-
6, and 2-7). Horizontal grid spacing ranges from 23 to 32 feet on site and 460 to 630 feet off
site. The grid was designed so that approximately 100-foot-wide canal would have at least five
model cells across its width to model partial dredge or cap scenarios. Vertical grid layer
thicknesses ranges from 1 to 108 feet, as defined by the stratigraphic units described in
Section 2.1. A zone of inactive cells was assigned in the northeast corner of the model to
represent a groundwater divide as described in Section 2.4.4.
The model grid is defined in North American Datum (NAD) 1983 New York State Plane East.
The model axis is rotated 42.5 degrees east of north. The model axis was rotated so that the
canal alignment was approximately parallel to the Y-axis.
6
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Model layer elevations were defined by mapping the observed top and bottom elevations of
each stratigraphic unit. For discontinuous units, dummy layer elevation points were assigned
for numerical layer continuity where the geological unit is absent. The point elevations were
imported to MODFLOW to define the numeric layers by interpolation.
2.4 Boundary Conditions
Boundary conditions were assigned to represent the sources and sinks sources described in
Section 2.1 (regional aquifers, canal, utilities, and recharge).
2.4.1 Constant Head Boundaries
Constant head boundaries (CHBs) were assigned along the model limits to represent surface
water, and the interface with the surrounding regional aquifer system in areas where divides
were not considered to be present. Groundwater divides are described in Sections 2.1 and
detailed in Section 2.4.4. CHBs consist of potentiometric head elevations assigned to specific
cells in the model. Groundwater can flow into and out of CHB cells, depending upon whether
the neighboring groundwater is under a higher or lower potentiometric head, respectively.
Constant head cells were assigned in Layer 1 with head values at elev. 0.0 NAVD (Mean Sea
Level) within the Gowanus Canal, Gowanus Bay, and the East River (Fig. 2-8). CHB cells
allow groundwater to enter the canal vertically from cells representing sediments and the
underlying aquifer, and horizontally from fill through the bulkhead wall boundary.
A CHB was assigned along the southeastern model boundary in Layer 4 (Upper Glacial
Aquifer) to represent a southerly component of flow toward Gowanus Bay consistent with
regional trends. A linear gradient was ranging from head elevation 1.0 to 6.75 NAVD was
assigned where shown in Figure 2-8.
CHBs were assigned at the northern and southern extents of the model in the Jameco Gravel
layer (Layer 7) to represent flow to and from the regional aquifer. The USGS contours
(Fig. 2-3) indicate potentiometric heads in the Jameco Gravel at the northern and southern
model limits of approximately 7 and 5 NAVD, respectively. CHBs of 7 and 5 were assigned in
the Jameco Gravel near the northern model limit (south of the inactive zone) and the southern
model limit, respectively, where shown in Figure 2-9.
2.4.2 Recharge
Four aquifer recharge zones were established for the model, to represent variations in ground
cover (Fig. 2-10). Aquifer recharge was set at:
 Commercial/Industrial 4 inches/year
 Urban Residential 7 inches/year
7
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
 Urban Undeveloped 9 inches/year
 Parkland 10 inches/year
The modeled recharge rates are consistent with estimated recharge rates for urban areas in the
northeastern United States. Recharge in undeveloped areas of Long Island was estimated to
equal about 50 percent of mean annual precipitation, but recharge from precipitation in the
highly urbanized and industrialized areas of Kings and Queens Counties is reported to be far
less because the large amounts of impervious surfaces impede infiltration (Cartwright, 2002).
Buxton and Shernoff (1995) reported an annual recharge for Kings County of 15 percent of
precipitation. Average annual precipitation for the New York City area for the years 1961
through 1991 was reported to be 40 to 50 inches per year [USGS, 2005]. Fifteen percent of
annual precipitation would yield 6 to 7.5 inches/year of recharge to the aquifer system.
Recharge rates in the model vary relative to the reported county-wide values to reflect local
changes in infiltration rates based on ground cover. Other values reported from studies of
urban areas in the region are similar, where recharge in urbanized areas near Pennsauken, New
Jersey, and Allentown, Pennsylvania, were reported to range from 0 to 9 inches per year, and
0.11 to 11 inches per year, respectively [New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
(NJDEP), 2000; USGS, 2008].
2.4.3 Drains/Utilities
Drains and utilities can affect the water table by infiltration or exfiltration. Infiltration may
include leakage of groundwater into utility conduits beneath the water table (leaking pipes,
coarse trench backfill, or bedding material). Exfiltration includes leakage from water or sewer
mains. Two areas of infiltration were included in the model: drainage within the filled-in inlet
and wetlands around Wallabout Bay, and a sewer main along DeGraw Street near 3rd Avenue
(Fig. 2-8). Infiltration is modeled as “drain” cells with assigned head elevations, where
surrounding groundwater at higher head elevations can enter the drain cells, causing a flow
gradient toward the drain cells.
Within the Wallabout Bay/Navy Yard area, a drain boundary was included to represent
drainage occurring within a backfilled former inlet and wetlands. The lower observed water
table near Wallabout Bay may also be a result of higher-conductivity fill in the area allowing
the water table to equalize with surface water elevations in the East River. The drain cells
were assigned an elevation value of 1.0 NAVD, to represent the water table approaching sea
level in the area. Drain cells would have the same effect on regional flow in the model as
relatively high conductivity fill in the area, which is to create a groundwater divide north of the
canal.
Groundwater elevations in three monitoring wells near a 36-inch sewer along DeGraw Street
were relatively low, based on observed drawdown trends. Groundwater elevations observed at
monitoring wells FW-MW05, MW-MW5R, and FW-MW12 approach elevation 4 NAVD,
8
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
indicating a relatively flat water table along DeGraw Street. A line of cells was assigned an
elevation value of 4.0 NAVD along the segment of DeGraw Street shown in Figure 2-8, to
represent drainage into the sewer.
Infiltration/exfiltration is common in urban areas, and is expected to occur throughout most of
the model area. USGS reports that aquifers in urban areas may gain 3 inches per year as
artificial returns. Other than Wallabout Bay and the DeGraw Street sewer, no evidence of
relatively high infiltration or exfiltration was apparent in the model area, based on observed
groundwater elevations. It is assumed that background levels of infiltration/exfiltration are
uniformly distributed within the model. Background levels of infiltration would be accounted
for in the model as part of the calibrated hydraulic conductivity values in fill. Background
levels of exfiltration would be accounted for as part of the calibrated areal recharge rates.
2.4.4 No-Flow (Inactive) Boundaries
No-Flow (Inactive) boundaries are located at the model limits where no head boundaries are
present, and at the base of the model. At the model limits and the base of the model, where
head boundaries are not present, no groundwater flow occurs in or out of the model. Flow
occurs parallel to or radially outward from the inactive boundaries.
The western model limit is inactive, where outward (easterly) flow occurs because recharge
accrues along the model limit and can only flow parallel to or away from the model limit.
Along the eastern model limit, groundwater flows radially outward, representing regional flow
as shown in Figure 2-3. Along the northern model limit, flow is generally outward,
representing regional flow toward Wallabout Bay. The northeastern corner of the model is
inactive, to represent a regional divide to the north. Groundwater north of the model flows
north or northwesterly away from the terminal moraine, towards the East River or the
Newtown Creek basin.
The western, northwestern, and southwestern portions of the model located within Gowanus
Bay, the East River, Governor’s Island, and Manhattan are inactive boundaries. Groundwater
elevations in these areas of the model are controlled by the constant head boundaries
representing surface water. Groundwater flows outward from these boundaries toward the East
River. The East River is assumed to be a groundwater divide. The southern model boundary
within Gowanus Bay and the lower East River was placed far enough from the canal such that
any sea bed discharges from the Site occurs within the model.
Bedrock is modeled as an inactive boundary. The top of bedrock comprises the base of the
model. Bedrock is considered to be a relatively impermeable crystalline metamorphic rock,
with water contained in joints and fracture zones (USGS, 1998). Groundwater flow occurs
along or upward from the base of the model, driven primarily by head boundaries assigned in
the Jameco Gravel.
9
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
2.4.5 Bulkheads
Bulkheads along the Gowanus Canal may inhibit groundwater flow to and from the canal,
where the bulkhead materials are less permeable than the adjacent upland soil. Bulkheads
along the canal are modeled as Horizontal Flow Boundaries (“wall” boundaries). Wall
boundaries were placed in the model between cells representing the canal (and sediments), and
cells representing upland soil. Hydraulic conductivities were assigned to the bulkhead, and
adjusted as calibration parameters.
The bulkhead boundary structure relative to the canal and sediment model cells is illustrated in
Figure 2-11. Groundwater enters the canal by three mechanisms:
 Upland of the canal above the mudline elevation, groundwater flows horizontally from
fill adjacent to the bulkhead, through the wall boundary and into cells representing
canal surface water.
 Upland of the canal beneath the mudline elevation, groundwater can flow horizontally
from marsh deposits through the wall boundary, then into cells representing sediments,
then upward into cells representing canal surface water.
 Beneath the canal sediments, groundwater from the regional aquifer can flow upward
through the sediments then into cells representing surface water.
Groundwater entering CHB cells exit the computational model. The flow rate into the canal as
calculated by MODFLOW represents the model-calculated estimate of groundwater flow from
the aquifer system to the canal.
The bulkheads along the canal are constructed of various materials and include timber
cribbing, timber sheet piling, riprap embankments, and steel sheet piling (NEA, 2004). The
bulkhead conductivities assigned in the model represents the net effect of three processes
potentially occurring along the bulkhead:
 Groundwater leakage through cribbing, between timbers, and through sheet pile joints.
 Decreases of leakage due to siltation within the bulkhead, and increases of leakage due
to channeling or washing out of silt or fine-grained material.
 Increase of leakage due to potential historic removal or partial removal of marsh
deposits during bulkhead construction.
Hydraulic conductivities for the bulkhead were assigned during the calibration process.
During model calibration, bulkhead hydraulic conductivities were adjusted so that the
model-calculated heads for monitoring wells screened in fill near the canal matched the
observed heads. Bulkhead conductivities in the model range between 0.001 and 10 ft/day.
Figure 2-12 depicts the modeled bulkhead conductivity in plan view.
10
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
In general, observed heads in shallow wells near the bulkheads ranged from elevation 2 to 3,
indicating moderate resistance to flow toward the CHB of zero NAVD water-side of the
bulkhead (Fig. A-2). Figure 2-11 illustrates idealized water table behavior relative to bulkhead
conductivity. Shallow wells adjacent to the bulkhead with lower observed head elevations (1
to 2 ft NAVD) and strong tidal response, where the marsh deposit aquitard is present, indicate
a higher-permeability bulkhead.
2.4.6 Supply Pumping
No supply pumping was included in the model. Roux Associates, Inc. (1990) reported that
there are no public or private water supply wells within a 3-mile radius of the Citizens Former
MGP site. The NYSDEC Phase II Report prepared by Roux Associates, Inc. cites the New
York State Department of Health (NYSDOH) New York State Atlas of Community Water
Systems Sources 1982 as the source of this information. A USGS model for water supply
pumping on Long Island indicates that ongoing subway tunnel dewatering occurs in the area of
downtown Brooklyn, near the northern model boundary (USGS, 1998). The subway system is
located outside the zone of groundwater contribution to the canal (Section 6.1.2). Model
calibration is not sensitive to localized drawdown in the area of reported dewatering. USGS
(1998) reports that ongoing supply pumping in Kings and Queens counties presently occurs in
eastern areas of the counties, outside the model area to the north and northeast.
2.5 Hydraulic Conductivity
Hydraulic conductivities were assigned to each stratigraphic unit as listed in Table 2. The
spatial location of assigned hydraulic conductivities for each layer are shown in Figures 2-13
through 2-20. Figure 2-21 is a cut-away view showing the model structure with conductivity
zones along the canal. Cross-sections of the model showing hydraulic conductivity zones are
shown in Figures 2-22 and 2-23. Hydraulic conductivities were selected based on slug test
results, published values for the regional formations, published ranges for the observed soil
types [Anderson, 1992; USGS, 1999], and calibration of the model to observed water level
elevations. Hydraulic conductivity values used in the model are listed with slug test results and
published values in Table 2. In general, the water table mounding and variability in water level
elevations in the shallow groundwater zone on Site is attributed to a combination of areal
recharge, fill heterogeneity, and variability in bulkhead permeability along the canal. In the
intermediate and deep zones of the Upper Glacial Aquifer, and within the Jameco Gravel, less
spatial variability was observed in observed potentiometric heads (e.g. a flatter potentiometric
surface was apparent), indicative of relatively higher permeability soil.
2.5.1 Fill/Shallow Sand
The area of the Gowanus Creek was artificially filled as part of the construction of the
Gowanus Canal in the 1860s. In the area of the canal, above the marsh deposits, fill consists of
11
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
loose, non-cohesive silt, sand and little gravel mixed with brick, concrete, coal, wood, metal,
ash, and clinkers. Within portions of the Citizens Former MGP site, fill also contains concrete
debris and foundation remnants from the former facility. We assumed that fill within other
industrialized areas within the model are of a similar nature, and that in residential areas, fill is
comprised mainly of reworked native sand. At relatively high topographic elevations including
Cobble Hill and Prospect Hill, the nature of the fill within the model is not significant because
fill would be located above the water table.
A uniform hydraulic conductivity of 10 ft/day (horizontal) and 1 ft/day (vertical) was assigned
to most of the upper layer of the model to represent fill, or the upper fringe of native soil
outside the limits of the filled-in former wetlands complex. Localized areas of fill, referred to
herein as subunits, near the canal were assigned different conductivity values during model
calibration (Section 3.1). Hydraulic conductivities assigned to the subunits range from 0.1 to
35 ft/day. The conductivity values used are consistent with literature values for soil ranging
from silty sand to medium-coarse sand (Anderson, 1992). The lower values reflect areas
where higher water table elevations were observed, where the rate of groundwater travel is
relatively limited due to lower hydraulic conductivity. The higher values reflect areas where
the observed water table is flatter, because water can easily travel between the gravel particles.
As a result, groundwater elevations within relatively coarse material tend to equalize with
potentiometric heads at downgradient discharge points, and the water table becomes relatively
flat. In addition to the fill subunits in Layer 1, an apparent till deposit north and northeast of
the canal was assigned a lower conductivity value as described in Section 2.5.3.
2.5.2 Marsh Deposits/Sediments
Marsh deposits consisting of silt, clay, peat, and sand are represented in the model within
former wetland areas. Prior to development, wetlands were located around the Gowanus
Canal, the southern end of the Red Hook neighborhood, and Wallabout Bay, as shown in
Figure 2-4. The modeled extent of silt/peat marsh deposits shown in Figures 2-14 and 2-15 can
be compared to the mapped extent shown in Figure 2-4.
The marsh deposits are modeled as a semiconfining unit with relatively low hydraulic
conductivity. Water table elevations above the marsh deposits (potentiometric heads ranging
in elevation from 3 to 10 ft.) are higher than the potentiometric surface beneath the marsh
deposits (elevation heads approximately 1 to 3 ft.). The generally higher overlying water table
elevation is indicative that the marsh deposits function as a semiconfining unit. The absence of
the water table mound outside the marsh deposit footprint (the northwest corner of the Citizens
Former MGP site and the southwestern area of the Fulton Works Former MGP site), suggests
that recharge retained above the marsh deposits contributes to the formation and stability of the
higher water table.
12
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Canal sediments include soft recent organic deposits and, where present, underlying native silt
and peat. In the model, the sediment column is represented as a single layer. Model cells
within the sediment layer were assigned hydraulic conductivity values that were determined
based on presence or absence of underlying native silt and peat, and whether evidence of local
groundwater upwelling was apparent based on potentiometric heads in adjacent wells screened
in the Upper Glacial Aquifer. Evidence of local groundwater upwelling was considered to be
apparent at locations where observed potentiometric heads within the Upper Glacial Aquifer
were relatively low.
Sediment core data indicates that marsh deposits are variably present beneath the canal (Figure
2-11) [GEI, 2009; EPA, 2011]. Native silt and peat was generally present beneath the southern
two-thirds of the canal (south of 3rd Street). The silt and peat was absent in borings beneath the
canal North of 3rd Street, adjacent to the Red Hook area, and near 4th Street. The areas where
native peat and silt are absent were assumed to have been removed by dredging. In the three
areas where native peat and silt are absent, the potentiometric surface in the Upper Glacial
Aquifer was observed to be relatively low, below elevation 2.0 in some monitoring wells. The
potentiometric surface in the Upper Glacial Aquifer observed along the remainder of the canal
was generally observed to be between 2.0 and 2.5 NAVD.
Hydraulic conductivity values were assigned based on the presence or absence of silt and peat
below the soft sediments, and indications of upwelling based on potentiometric heads in
monitoring wells adjacent to the canal. The following sediment hydraulic conductivities were
assigned in the model:
Marsh deposits present, no evidence of local upwelling: 0.01 – 0.1 ft/d
Marsh deposits present, evidence of local upwelling: 0.5 ft/d
No marsh deposits present: 4 – 40 ft/d
The above values are typical for fine-grained soil, but are higher than those used for marsh
deposits in the model. Channeling may occur on a smaller scale through low-permeability silt
and peat due to upward hydraulic pressure and erosion as a result of long-term upward
discharge.
2.5.3 Upper Glacial Aquifer
The Upper Glacial Aquifer is the predominant geologic unit through which groundwater flows
within the model. In the model, all groundwater flow toward the canal passes at some point
through the Upper Glacial Aquifer, except for shallow recharge above the marsh deposits that
may discharge to the canal laterally through bulkheads. Within the model area, the Upper
Glacial Aquifer is predominantly comprised of sandy glacial outwash occasionally containing
silty sand or interbedded with clayey till, but also contains two subunits containing
predominantly till. Cartwright (2002) reports that the Upper Glacial Aquifer has a relatively
13
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
high but locally variable permeability, and that the aquifer is generally unconfined but is
confined locally by layers of silt and clay within moraine deposits. The Site is located at the
western terminus of the east-west trending Ronkonkoma-Harbor Hill terminal moraine.
The Upper Glacial Aquifer is modeled primarily as a zone of uniform hydraulic conductivity
where the aquifer is predominantly glacial outwash sand (40 ft/day horizontal and 4 ft/day
vertical). Fetter (1994) reports a hydraulic conductivity range of approximately 3 to 300
ft./day for glacial outwash. The order of magnitude of the horizontal hydraulic conductivity in
the model (40 ft/day) is in the approximate middle of the order of magnitude range reported by
Anderson (1992) for clean sand, and at the high end of the reported range for silty sand. The
hydraulic conductivity used for the Upper Glacial Aquifer is indicative of a productive aquifer
and is consistent with its use historically as a water supply source. Wells in the area of the Site
have been reported to yield between 60 and 300 gallons per minute (NYSDEC, 1937;
NYSDEC, 1944). The maximum historic groundwater withdrawal rate reported for Kings
County was 33 million gallons per day in 1910, at a time when the Upper Glacial Aquifer was
the predominant source aquifer (Cartwright, 2002).
Extensive areas of till within the Upper Glacial Aquifer, referred to herein as till subunits, were
modeled as zones of lower hydraulic conductivities (1 to 5 ft/day horizontal and 0.05 to 0.1
ft/day vertical). The till subunits (north and south subunits, Fig 2-17) are located at the base of
the Prospect Hill moraine, and extends southeast of the canal. Thick till deposits were not
observed at some shallow locations adjacent to the canal, between the east and west zones, and
may represent a scour zone ancestral to the Gowanus Canal. As a result, a gap in the till unit is
apparent in model Layer 4 as shown in Figure 2-17, and the till unit remains continuous in
Layer 5 as shown in Figure 2-18. The area between the two till subunits is comprised of
interbedded sand and till similar to other locations within the aquifer.
Local variations in hydraulic conductivity within the Upper Glacial Aquifer may be caused by
discontinuous silt/clay lenses. A 5:1 vertical anisotropy ratio was used to represent
interbedded silt and clay within the sand unit, which would inhibit vertical groundwater flow.
It is assumed that till lenses are uniformly distributed in the aquifer such that at the scale of the
model, bulk horizontal and vertical hydraulic conductivity values for the upper glacial aquifer
represent the combined effect of the outwash and till.
2.5.4 Gardiners Clay
The Gardiners Clay is a major confining unit in the regional aquifer system, with hydraulic
conductivities significantly lower than the adjoining sand and gravel units. The clay is a
lagoonal marine deposit and consists of greenish-gray clay and silt with inter-bedded sand and
sea shells. The Gardiners Clay has been observed to be comprised of silty sand at some
locations near the fringes of the formation. The clay is reported to range in thickness from
14
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
absent in northern Kings County to upwards of 100 feet to areas to the southeast and east of the
Site (Cartwright, 2002).
The Gardiners Clay is present in the eastern two-thirds of the model area, and pinches out on
the western edge where the bedrock surface approaches the relatively flat Gardiners Clay unit.
The extent of the Gardiners Clay within the model was determined based on the approximate
regional extent reported by USGS (2007) and soil boring logs from the Site and from USGS
records. The Gardiners Clay was observed in the southern area of the canal (Site boring
GCMW-40D2) as a 9.5-foot-thick layer of gray fine sand mixed with clay approximately 140
feet below ground surface. In the central area of the canal (Citizens Former MGP Boring
CGMW-07D), the Gardiners Clay was observed as a 3.5-foot-thick layer of gray, very dense
clay with shells, at approximately 130 feet below ground surface. Beneath the Fulton Works
Former MGP site, the Gardiners Clay was apparent as silty sand with sea shells. The
Gardiners Clay was found to be absent in some areas of the Citizens Former MGP site.
The Gardiners Clay is modeled in Layer 7. Layer 8 contains a thin line of Gardiners Clay to
represent contact with bedrock at the base of the numerical model (Fig. 2-20). Discharge zones
for the Jameco Gravel to the Upper Glacial Aquifer are present in Layer 8 where the Gardiners
Clay is absent.
The Gardiners Clay was assigned a hydraulic conductivity of 0.008 ft/day, consistent with
published literature, where the clay was reported by Franke and Cohen (1972) to have vertical
hydraulic conductivity of about 0.001 ft/day. Sand zones at the fringes were assigned a vertical
hydraulic conductivity of 0.2 ft/day.
North of the canal area, the Gardiners clay contacts bedrock, thus confining the underlying
Jameco Gravel laterally. West and south of the canal area, no contact between the Gardiners
Clay and bedrock was apparent based on available boring logs, suggesting no lateral
confinement of the Jameco Gravel. Therefore, in the approximate southern half of the model,
the Gardiners clay does not contact bedrock, forming a lateral discharge zone for the Jameco
Gravel to the Upper Glacial Aquifer, as described in Section 2.5.5.
2.5.5 Jameco Gravel
The Jameco Gravel is described as a Pleistocene-era channel fill deposit associated with the
ancestral Hudson River channel scour of southern Kings and Queens Counties (Soren, 1978;
EPA, 2010b). The unit consists of dark coarse sand and gravel with cobbles and boulders and
ranges in thickness from absent at some locations to approximately 200 feet thick in Queens
County (Cartwright, 2002). The Jameco Gravel in the model has a horizontal hydraulic
conductivity of 300 ft/day, consistent with published literature, where the Gardiners Jameco
Gravel was reported by Soren (1978) to have vertical hydraulic conductivity of in exceedance
of 270 ft/day. The approximate elevation of the surface of the Jameco Gravel ranges between
15
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
–100 feet NGVD and –150 feet NGVD beneath the Site and vicinity and slopes toward the
southeast (Buxton, Soren, Posner and Shernoff, 1981).
The extent of the Jameco Gravel is similar to that of the Gardiners Clay (Cartwright, 2002). In
the model, the extent of the Jameco Gravel was assigned the same extent as the modeled extent
of the overlying Gardiners Clay (Figs. 2-19 and 2-20). The Jameco Gravel is located between
the Gardiners Clay and bedrock. The top and bottom elevations of the Jameco Gravel were
assigned as to be bottom of Gardiners clay and top of bedrock, based on available borings and
mapped USGS elevations.
16
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
3. Calibration
The calibrated model provides a calculated steady-state groundwater flow field representing
mid-tide groundwater elevations. The objectives of model calibration consisted of matching
model-calculated heads to observed heads at monitoring wells; qualitatively matching model-
calculated groundwater elevation contours to contours interpolated based on observed heads,
and comparison of model-calculated base flow into the canal to a literature-reported value.
The model was calibrated by soil, sediment, and bulkhead hydraulic conductivities, and areal
recharge. The calibration data set is provided in Table 3. Observed and final (calibrated)
water level elevations for each calibration point are shown in Table 3. Calibration residuals
plots for the entire model, the Upper Glacial Aquifer, and the Jameco Gravel are shown in
Figures 3-1 through 3-3. Calibration data points are shown in Figures A-1 through A-4.
Model-predicted and observed (interpolated) contours are shown in Figures A-5 through A-9,
where it should be noted that the model calculates groundwater elevations within the entire
active model space, as compared to the observed contours which are only interpolated between
observation points. Potentiometric head contours are shown in cross-section in Figures 3-4 and
3-5.
The calibration data set consists of tidally averaged static groundwater elevations for the Site
and Former MGP gauging events, and single (non-tide specific) elevations for Parcel III of the
Citizens Site and USGS monitoring wells. Groundwater elevations were measured at high tide
in Site monitoring wells on July 26 and September 29, 1010; and at low tide on August 23 and
October 22, 2010. Groundwater elevations were measured at both high and low tides on May
5, 2003, April 4, 2005, and April 11, 2005 at Citizens Former MGP monitoring wells. Tidal
measurements were averaged as described in Table 3, and the average measured elevation for
each monitoring well were used as calibration data points. For Citizens Former MGP Parcel
III wells, readings from measurements taken October 24, 2008 were used. For wells in the
USGS monitoring well network, the approximate average of elevations reported through the
past decade were used as calibration data points. Groundwater elevations over time as reported
by USGS are shown in Appendix A, Figure A-1.
The time-averaged groundwater elevations shown in Table 3 represent regional conditions for
model development and calibration. Tidal variation (difference between average measured
high tide and average measured low tide elevations in each well) wells ranged from 4.43 to -
3.5 feet, however, tide variation in most wells was less than 1 foot. The averaged high tide
elevations were equal to or within 1 foot greater than the averaged low tide elevations at 108 of
200 measurement locations. The averaged high tide elevations exceeded the averaged low tide
elevations (positive tidal response) by greater than one foot at 17 of the 200 locations, most
located near bulkheads. At 75 of the 200 locations, the averaged low tide groundwater
17
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
elevations were equal to or greater than the averaged high tide elevations by as much as 3.5
feet, where the exceedances are attributed to seasonal fluctuations.
Shallow zone monitoring wells exhibiting a strong positive tidal response were located close to
bulkheads. Monitoring wells screened in the Upper Glacial Aquifer exhibiting a strong tidal
response were located in areas with slightly lower observed tidally-averaged groundwater
elevations (below elevation 2.0 NAVD) within the Upper Glacial Aquifer. The relatively
strong tidal response and slightly lower potentiometric heads were interpreted to represent
upward discharge zone areas, or areas where a relatively larger volume of water flows upward
and discharges to the canal. Three such zones were apparent, and are described in Section 3.2.
The MODFLOW output calibration residuals plot for all data points in the model is presented
in Figure 3-1. On the calibration plot it can be seen that high heads were predicted by the
model where high heads where observed (at shallow depths within the mound on Parcel I) and
low heads were predicted where low heads were observed (in intermediate/deep groundwater
and along the canal). The primary statistical goal for model calibration was to obtain a
normalized root mean square of the residuals of less than 10%. The normalized RMS for the
model calibration is approximately 5.4%, which is well below this statistical objective, and
thus shows that the model is well calibrated.
Calibration residuals plots for the Upper Glacial and Jameco Gravel are shown in Figures 3-2
and 3-3. The significant trends in the regional aquifers are being qualitatively met: upward
preferential discharge zones with relatively low heads in the Upper Glacial Aquifer are
represented by the lower observed and calculated heads (Fig. 3-2), while the remainder of the
potentiometric surface within the Upper Glacial Aquifer on and near the Site is relatively flat,
ranging primarily between elevations 2 and 3 NAVD. Similarly, the calibration residuals plot
for the Jameco Gravel indicates that significant regional trends are quantitatively met in the
model: groundwater elevations near discharge zones along the western fringe of the Gardiners
Clay are generally lowest. A water budget is presented in Table 4. As shown in Table 4, the
percent difference between calculated flow rates entering and leaving the model, for the
calibration run and three predictive runs, are below 0.1%, which is considered generally
acceptable. The model was run with head change and residual criterion between numerical
iterations set to 0.01 feet.
USGS (1998) developed a regional model developed for assessing historic and current
groundwater resource use on Long Island. In the USGS model a base flow of groundwater to
the Gowanus Canal was estimated to be 1,122 GPM prior to industrial development, zero
during aquifer recovery in 1983 (one to two decades after cessation of pumping), and 134
GPM as of 1991. The groundwater model described herein calculates a base flow to the canal
of 675 GPM. The USGS model incorporates a coarser grid, where assumptions regarding the
extent of the terminal moraine and Jameco Gravel are more generalized. Both of these model
elements would affect estimates of net flow through the modeled systems.
18
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
3.1 Shallow Zone
Shallow zone model-calculated and observed (interpolated) contours are shown for the
northern, central, and southern portions of the canal in Figures A-6 through A-8. Shallow
groundwater elevations generally range from elevation 1 to 8 NAVD on properties adjacent to
the canal. Calculated groundwater elevations were primarily affected by the hydraulic
conductivity of fill material and sediments. Baseline hydraulic conductivities of 10 ft/day and
0.1 ft/day were used for shallow zone soil and bulkhead permeability, at the start of model
calibration. The hydraulic conductivity values were varied locally to match observed
conditions. A relatively high fill hydraulic conductivity value (35 ft/day) was assigned to areas
where the water table was relatively flat. Relatively low (0.1 to 0.5 ft/day) hydraulic
conductivities were assigned where steeper gradients were observed or where the groundwater
table was relatively high. The baseline bulkhead hydraulic conductivity was increased in areas
where observed groundwater elevations were relatively low (generally less than elevation 2
NAVD), or where relatively high positive tidal response was observed. Areal recharge was
also adjusted as part of calibration refinement, to the values shown in Figure 2-10.
As shown in Figure A-6 through A-8, model-calculated groundwater elevations generally
approximate the tidally-averaged observed elevations. At the former MGP sites, where there
are a greater density of data, groundwater flow trends generally approximate observed flow
directions and gradients. Further from the canal (outside the approximate extent of the marsh
deposits), the water table is considered part of the Upper Glacial Aquifer for calibration
purposes and is described in Section 3.2. Adjacent to the canal, shallow groundwater is
mounded above the marsh deposit aquitard (where present) to elevations generally ranging
from 1 to 4 NAVD. Groundwater preferentially flows toward the canal, with a relatively minor
component of flow into the marsh deposits. At the Citizens Former MGP site, the water table
mounds to approximately elevation 10. The mound is in the location of former gas holders and
buried structures. Along the western extent of the mound, the shallow contours indicate that
groundwater flows westerly, away from the canal. Once the mounded groundwater passes the
western extent of the aquitard, it enters the Upper Glacial Aquifer and becomes part of the
regional flow discharging to the canal further downstream from the Citizens MGP Former site.
3.2 Upper Glacial Aquifer
Model-calculated and observed (interpolated) contours are shown for the Upper Glacial
Aquifer on Figure A-8. Groundwater elevations generally range from elevation 2 to 3 at the
Site, and up to elevation 10 north of the Site. Calculated groundwater elevations in the Upper
Glacial layers were affected by the hydraulic conductivity of formation, sediment conductivity,
and areal recharge. A baseline hydraulic conductivity of 40 ft/day was used for the Upper
Glacial Aquifer permeability, at the start of model calibration, and was varied in specific
locations as described below.
19
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Relatively high recharge over Prospect Park, and relatively low-permeability till west of
Prospect Park (north till subunit, Fig. 2-17) contribute to the higher potentiometric surface in
the eastern portion of the model. The potentiometric surface in the Upper Glacial Aquifer
along the canal is relatively flat (generally between 2 and 3 NAVD) along the length of the
canal, with three localized areas of lower potentiometric head (below 2 NAVD; Fig. A-8). The
till subunits described in Section 2.5.3 were assigned lower hydraulic conductivity values. The
presence of the south till subunit (Fig. 2-17) results in a slight increase in potentiometric heads
near the lower third of the canal, while the absence of marsh deposits at the northern end of the
canal contributes to a slight lowering of the potentiometric surface at the northern end of the
canal. A relatively high fill hydraulic conductivity value (35 ft/day) was assigned to areas
where the water table was relatively flat. Relatively low (0.1 to 0.5 ft/day) hydraulic
conductivities were assigned where steeper gradients were observed or where the groundwater
table was relatively high. The baseline bulkhead hydraulic conductivity was increased in areas
where observed groundwater elevations were relatively low (generally less than elevation 2
NAVD), or where relatively high positive tidal response was observed. Localized zones of
varying conductivity were assigned where potentiometric heads indicate the presence of
increased or reduced upwelling (Fig. 2-17).
Model-calculated contours are compared with contours reported by Buxton and Shernoff
(1997) for groundwater head elevations within the Upper Glacial Aquifer on Fig. A-8.
Groundwater flow is shown to flow outward (westerly) from the eastern divide and southerly
from areas of downtown Brooklyn and Cobble Hill, converging to the canal, Gowanus Bay,
and the East River. The three upwelling zones in the northern, central, and southern portions
are indicated by the elevation 2 contours. An offset between the observed and calculated
contours for the central upwelling area is attributed to localized zones of channeling. The
regional contour reported by Buxton and Shernoff representing elevation 5 NAVD is largely
inferred, and no data points support the exact location of the reported contour. The model-
calculated contours are considered validated and consistent with Buxton and Shernoff.
3.3 Jameco Gravel
Model-calculated and observed (interpolated) contours are shown for the Jameco Gravel on
Figure A-9. Groundwater potentiometric heads in the Jameco Gravel range from elevations 5
and 8 NAVD as defined by the CHBs described in Section 2.4.1. Calculated groundwater
elevations in the Jameco Gravel were affected by the presence and location of zones of
hydraulic communication between the Jameco Gravel and Upper Glacial Aquifer. As can be
seen in Figure A-9, a major component of groundwater flow in the modeled Jameco Gravel is
westerly, towards discharge zones and preferential flow paths through relatively thin deposits
of the Gardiners Clay where the clay pinches out at its western limit. At the western model
boundary, groundwater flow becomes more southerly, consistent with regional flow depicted in
Figure 2-3. Comparison of model-predicted contours in Figures A-9 and A-10 shows that
potentiometric heads within the Jameco Gravel (model layer 7) are higher than those shown in
20
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Figure A-9 for the Upper Glacial Aquifer (layer 4), indicating a general upward vertical head
potential consistent with observed heads.
3.4 Sediments/Marsh Deposits
Canal sediment hydraulic conductivity, including underlying native marsh deposits (where
present), primarily affects upward flow from the underlying Upper Glacial Aquifer. Sediment
hydraulic conductivities in the model (layer 3, Fig. 2-16) represent a weighted average of soft
sediments and native marsh deposits. A baseline hydraulic conductivity of 0.5 ft/day (vertical)
was used for the sediment permeability, at the start of model calibration. Four additional
conductivity zones were created, to represent locations where marsh deposits are absent
beneath the canal, and areas where sediment conductivity appears to be lower, based on
relatively higher potentiometric heads in nearby wells screened in the Upper Glacial Aquifer.
Along a portion of the canal adjacent to the Citizens Former MGP site, the canal is actively
used for barge docking. Gravel with little to no soft sediment, and no marsh deposits are
present. In the barge docking area, the same conductivity value used for the Upper Glacial
Sand was used in layer 3 to represent a sediment layer with little to no resistance to upward
vertical flow from the aquifer.
Marsh deposits in the model primarily affect the extent and degree of water table mounding or
perching in overlying fill. A baseline vertical hydraulic conductivity of 0.5 ft/day was used for
the sediment permeability, at the start of model calibration. Three minor areas of varying
marsh deposit conductivity were defined, to refine calibration at individual shallow
groundwater data points indicating that marsh deposit conductivities may be lower or higher.
21
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
4. Sensitivity Analysis
An analysis was performed to evaluate the sensitivity of hydraulic conductivities and recharge
rates on model calibration. These parameters would have the greatest effect on modeled
groundwater flow at the Site. The analysis was performed by comparing the change in
calibration residuals with changes in hydraulic conductivity and recharge. Calibration error, as
measured by the normalized root mean square (NRMS) of the calibration residuals (calculated
minus observed heads) for the sensitivity runs are shown in Figures 4-1 through 4-3. The
NRMS is a measure of the correlation between observed and predicted heads. In general, the
NRMS varies as the parameters change, and the lowest NRMS value corresponds to the most
accurate parameter value for the model. Therefore, as the parameter is varied further from its
most accurate value, the NMRS increases, and the plot of NRMS vs. parameter value would be
a curve where the low point corresponds to the value most appropriate for use in the system
modeled. However, if the calibrated model is not sensitive to a parameter, the NMRS may not
change, and a sensitivity analysis for the subject parameter would be recommended for the
predictive model.
Hydraulic conductivity for key strata in the model (fill, marsh deposits, sediments, and glacial
sand, and the till subunits) were increased and decreased to values within ranges reasonable for
the soil type. Calibration was most sensitive to variation in sediment and glacial sand
conductivity, because changes in these units affect a large number of data points.
The recharge rate for each recharge zone in the model was varied over a range of several
inches, depending on effect. The model was roughly equally sensitive to changes in the
commercial/industrial, residential, and undeveloped areas. The NRMS was not significantly
affected by changes in the recharge value used for parks; however, the model was qualitatively
affected in the eastern portion of the model where no data points exist. The water table
elevation along the eastern site boundary was sensitive to recharge applied to Prospect Park,
and a recharge value of 10 in./year was selected because it resulted in the approximate water
table elevation reported by USGS in the area. Based on the quantitative sensitivity analysis
results shown on Figures 4-1 through 4-3, and qualitative model calibration where no data
points exist, the most accurate input parameter values were used in the model.
22
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
5. Validation
Confidence that a model calibration is uniquely correct can be improved (although never fully
achieved) if the model can be shown to adequately predict water levels and other calibration
targets, such as groundwater discharge rates, for a wholly different set of hydrogeologic
stresses than the steady-state conditions to which the model has been initially calibrated.
Examples of a different set of hydrogeologic stresses include a major aquifer test that stresses a
significant portion of the model or a period of drought. This process is often referred to as
“verification” or “validation.”. Toward this end, an analysis was performed to assess that the
model properly calculates past observed changes in groundwater elevations due to historic
events. Available data indicate that periods of historic pumping and lower precipitation
resulted in lower potentiometric surfaces within the Upper Glacial Aquifer.
5.1 Water Supply Pumping
The public water supply is currently provided to the Site and surrounding area by the New
York City Water Department. The water supply comes from a series of aqueducts from a
watershed located 125 miles north of New York City.
Historic pumping for previous water supply purposes resulted in significant drawdown of the
regional aquifer system, which has recovered since pumping ceased between the 1960s and
1970 (Cartwright, 2002). The water table was reported to have been decreased to as low as
elevation -35 in some areas, or about 37 feet below its current potentiometric surface. The
model was used to assess whether pumping from known wells within the model at their
reported yield would produce drawdowns equal to or less than those reported by Cartwright
(2002) for the year 1951. Although not a perfect simulation since a majority of pumping
occurred outside the model boundary a model-calculated drawdown with partial pumping that
is less than the observed drawdown under full pumping conditions represents a validation of
the model’s predictive abilities.
Several pumping wells were located within the model limits and have been documented by the
USGS (Figure 5-1). Pumping from a subset of these wells at their reported yield (14 wells for
a total of 3,656 GPM (5 Mgal/day)) was modeled at steady-state to assess whether the model-
predicted drawdown is within range of reported historic drawdowns. Wells close to the model
limits were not included in the validation to avoid boundary effects. The model calculated
drawdowns to elevation -5 within the immediate vicinity of the wells, and a larger zone of 2 to
4-foot drawdowns extending approximately one-half mile from the wells (Fig. A-11).
Historically-reported drawdowns were deeper and widespread in these areas (elevation -15 to -
25 NAVD). The model-predicted drawdown under partial pumping conditions was less than
23
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
the observed drawdown under full pumping conditions. The comparatively lower drawdown
calculated by the model represents a validation of the model’s predictive abilities.
5.2 Reduced Precipitation
Historical data indicate that an extended period of reduced groundwater recharge occurred
between approximately 1999 and 2003. USGS long-term monitoring data indicate a 1.5 to 2-
foot decrease in groundwater elevations within the Upper Glacial Aquifer in several
observation wells during this period (Fig. A-12). Meteorological data suggests that an
extended period of rainfall generally below the annual average, a reduction in rainfall events
exceeding 0.1-inches (0.1-Years), and below-average snowfall, are contributing factors
(Fig. 5-2). Observed drawdowns, based on an estimation of an annual average elevation over
the affected period shown for area wells in Figure A-1, are shown in Figure A-11. No spatial
variation in trends was apparent that would suggest an artificial localized source of drawdown.
From Figure 5-2, an extended approximate 10% decrease in days with rainfall exceeding 0.1-
inches is apparent, and a 10 to 30% decrease in snowfall is apparent. We assumed that the
aquifer was at steady state during the period of reduced precipitation. Model-calculated
drawdown contours with a 20% reduction in annual recharge are shown for the Upper Glacial
Aquifer (model layer 4) on Figure A-12. The drawdown contour values are relative to the
steady-state potentiometric surface for layer 4 in the calibrated model. The model predicted
drawdown ranges of between 0.2 and 1.8 feet, which is consistent with the observed values.
The pattern of greater drawdown within eastern portions of the model was similar to the
observed pattern of drawdown. The similarity between model-predicted and observed
drawdown associated with reduced recharge is considered a validation of the model’s
predictive abilities.
24
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
6. Findings and Recommendations
6.1 Findings
A groundwater flow simulation model was constructed to quantify the regional aquifer system
contributing to the Gowanus Canal. Findings presented in this section consist of model-
calculated estimates of base flow from the aquifer system to the canal, and delineation of the
estimated area of groundwater contribution to the canal.
6.1.1 Base Flow Estimate
Base flow estimates were calculated to support human health and ecological risk assessments
associated with the canal and adjacent upland sites, to provide input data for hydrodynamic
analysis of flow within the canal, and for use in evaluating potential remedial alternatives for
the Site.
Base flow estimates were calculated using the Zone Budget interface of Visual MODFLOW.
For the purpose of estimating base flow, the canal was divided in to six segments. For each
segment, zone budget cells were assigned within, alongside, and beneath the canal, to quantify
both horizontal contribution through bulkheads, and vertical contribution from the regional
aquifer. The estimated base flow is presented in Figure 6-1.
6.1.2 Groundwater Contribution Area
The zone of contribution of groundwater to the Gowanus Canal was estimated for purposes of
identifying resources that may be affected by remedial alternatives or that may affect the
potential alternatives. The zone of contribution was estimated using particle flow paths
calculated by MODFLOW. The contribution area for the Upper Glacial Aquifer is estimated to
be 2.8 square miles as shown in Figure 6-2. The area of shallow zone contribution would be
similar, because shallow zone and the Upper Glacial Aquifer water table surface are identical
outside the former marsh deposit area, as described in Section 3.1.
6.2 Recommendations
The groundwater model is provided for use in evaluation of potential remedial alternatives
within the canal and abutting upland sites. The groundwater model as described herein is a
representation of regional flow. The model was calibrated to match groundwater elevations at
locations of existing wells, and to match published regional groundwater flow patterns. The
model has been validated and is generally suitable for use in evaluating interactions of
remedial components on a comparative and holistic basis. At former MGP locations with a
25
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
greater density of calibration data, the model may be used for more detailed remedial design
evaluations. For potential remedial scenarios at specific properties where data are sparse,
additional detail and a refinement of calibration in the area of concern may be appropriate to
understand and adequately model site-specific conditions.
Potential remedies that may be modeled are described below, followed by recommendations
for interpretation of results:
 Dredging: Dredging programs that involve removal of native silt and peat deposits may
alter upward flow patterns to the canal and therefore be increasing hydraulic
communication between the canal and the Upper Glacial Aquifer. The impacts of
potential dredging projects may be modeled by increasing the hydraulic conductivity of
the sediment layer in the proposed dredging areas.
 Sediment Capping or In-Situ Stabilization/Solidification: Sediment capping using
impervious or low-permeability material, or in-situ stabilization/solidification resulting
in a lower sediment hydraulic conductivity than the existing sediments and underlying
marsh deposits, may cut off or deflect upward flow of groundwater to the canal. The
impacts of sediment capping or in-situ stabilization/solidification may be modeled by
decreasing the hydraulic conductivity of the sediment layer in proposed capping areas.
 Bulkhead Improvements/Cutoff Walls: Reconstruction of bulkheads or installation of
groundwater or Non-Aqueous Phase Liquid (NAPL) cutoffs may be modeled by
reducing the hydraulic conductivity of the wall boundary in the affected area. The
effect of cutoff walls of varying depths and types may be modeled. The depth of the
cutoff wall should be extended to the appropriate layer in the model.
 Remedial Excavation: Soil excavation and backfill with clean material may be
modeled by changing the hydraulic conductivity within the excavation volume to a
value representative of the backfill material. Excavation dewatering rates may be
modeled using drain cells or pumping wells; likewise, excavation support may be
modeled as wall boundaries.
 Pavement Caps or Impervious Liners: Capping or lining of an upland site may be
modeled as areas of reduced areal recharge.
 Groundwater Extraction: Groundwater extraction systems may be modeled as pumping
wells.
 Relief Drains: Relief drains are generally an ancillary component to remedial systems.
Relief drains may be modeled as drain cells, or as cells of specified hydraulic
conductivities connected to a head boundary or drain representing an outlet, filter
media, or pump chamber.
26
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
The model indicates that the canal is a significant discharge zone of groundwater from the
regional aquifer. Changes in bulkhead or sediment hydraulic conductivity would affect
groundwater flow directions and head elevations. Modeling should be performed at a
minimum to quantify the potential for basement and utility flooding, and for the migration of
dissolved contaminants to previously unimpacted areas. The effects of alternative remedial
systems on groundwater hydraulics should be evaluated; including:
 Alteration of groundwater flow direction should be analyzed using particle flow paths
and interpretation of model-calculated groundwater contours.
 Water table mounding should be analyzed by interpretation of model-calculated
groundwater elevation contours, and comparison of predicted groundwater elevation
contours to basement and utility elevations.
 The effect of remedial systems on base flow to the canal should be quantified using
particle flow paths and zone budget.
 The effect of remedial systems on the quantity of groundwater flow entering or exiting
specific properties or areas of concern quantified using particle flow paths and zone
budget.
 The potential for NAPL migration should be assessed in part by mapping groundwater
velocities. NAPL may be mobilized by shear or by significant changes in groundwater
flow direction, and lower-viscosity NAPL would have a greater potential to be
mobilized by changes in groundwater flow patterns. DNAPL (dense NAPL; or NAPL
with a density greater than water) generally flows under its own gradient along
confining units, and the use of calculated velocities to estimate the potential for
DNAPL migration should be evaluated in consideration of the stability of the subject
DNAPL pool.
 The capture zone for extraction wells and funnel systems may be estimated using
particle flow paths and model-calculated drawdown contours.
The model presented in this report quantifies flow under steady-state conditions. Predictions
for potential remedial systems under steady-state are intended to represent the long-term
hydraulic effects of the systems being modeled. Transient analyses also may be performed to
assess the hydraulic effects of short-term changes in boundary conditions (like doing remedial
construction) or temporally varying remedial systems such as cyclical pumping. Potential
climatic effects on recharge and mean sea level may be evaluated by adjusting the appropriate
boundary conditions. Sensitivity analyses are recommended to assess whether predicted
results (with proposed remedial components in place in the model) change when model inputs
(soil properties or boundary conditions) are varied within reasonable ranges. Safety factors
should be incorporated into the design if predicted hydraulic effects could potentially exceed
design tolerances. Monitoring programs should be implemented after remedial construction to
confirm that water level elevations are within predicted ranges.
27
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
References
Anderson, 1992. Applied Groundwater Modeling: Simulation of Flow and Advective
Transport. Anderson M.P. and Wossner, W.W., Academic Press, Inc., 1992.
Brock, P. C. and P. W. G. Brock, undated. “Bedrock Geology of New York City: More than
600 m.y. of geologic history” Field Guide for Long Island Geologists Field Trip October 27,
2001”. Pp. 17. http://pbisotopes.ess.sunysb.edu/reports/NYCity/. Accessed September 16,
2003.
Buxton, H. T., J. Soren, A. Posner, and P. K. Shernoff, 1981. Reconnaissance of the Ground-
Water Resources of Kings and Queens Counties, New York. United States Geological Survey
Open-File Report 81-1186.
Cartwright, R. A., 2002. History and Hydrologic Effects of Ground-Water Use in Kings,
Queens, and Western Nassau Counties, Long Island, New York, 1800s through 1997. United
States Geological Survey Water-Resources Investigations Report 01-4096.
Fetter, 1994. Applied Hydrogeology, Third Edition. Fetter, C.W. Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1994.
Franke and Cohen, 1972. Regional rates of ground-water movement on Long Island, New
York in Geological Survey Research 1972: U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 800-C,
Franke, O.L., and Cohen, Philip, 1972.
GEI, 2005. Final Remedial Investigation Report, Carroll Gardens/Public Place, GEI
Consultants, Inc., October, 2005.
GEI, 2007. Final Remedial Design Work Plan, Carroll Gardens/Public Place, GEI Consultants,
Inc., September, 2007.
GEI, 2009. Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, Final Remedial Investigation Report, GEI
Consultants, Inc., December 2009.
GEI, 2010. Groundwater Model Work Plan, Groundwater Model Work Plan, Brooklyn, New
York, September 2010.
EPA, 2011 Gowanus Canal Remedial Investigation Report, Volume 1, Prepared for USEPA
by HDR Engineering and CH2M Hill, January 2011
28
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
EPA, 2010b. Brooklyn-Queens Aquifer System, statement in support of designation of areas
dependent upon ground water supplies. USEPA Region 2,
http://www.epa.gov/region2/water/aquifer/brooklyn/brooklyn.htm#I22
Updated October 5, 2010.
LIHJ, 2011. Brooklyn’s Thirst, Long Island’s Water: Consolidation, Local Control, and the
Aquifer. J. A. Kroessler, Center for Global & Local History, Stony Brook University, NY,
Winter 2011.
McDonald and Harbaugh, 1988. A modular three-dimensional finite-difference ground-water
flow model, Techniques of Water-Resources Investigations 06-A1, USGS.
NEA, 2004. Final Report, National Register of Historic Places, Eligibility Evaluation and
Cultural Resources Assessment for the Gowanus Canal, Borough of Brooklyn, Kings County,
New York, in Connection with the Proposed Ecosystem Restoration Study. North. Prepared
for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Northern Ecological Associates, Inc., May 2004 (Revised
December 2004).
NJDEP, 2000. Ground-Water-Recharge Rates and Selected Open Space in the Rancocas,
Pennsauken and Cooper Watersheds, New Jersey, Open-File Map OFM-32, Mark A. French
and Jeffrey L. Hoffman, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, 2000.
NYSDEC, 1937. Record of Wells in Kings County, N.Y., State of New York Department of
Conservation, by the United States Geological Survey, Bulletin GW-3, 1937.
NYSDEC, 1944. Record of Wells in Kings County, N.Y., State of New York Department of
Conservation, by R.M. Leggette and M.L. Brashears, Jr., Bulletin GW-8, 1944.
Roux Associates, Inc., 1990. Engineering Investigation at Inactive Hazardous Waste Sites,
Phase II Investigations, Carroll Gardens, Site No: 224012, Borough of Brooklyn, Kings
County, Final – September 1990.
Soren, 1978. Subsurface geology and paleogeography of Queens County, Long Island, New
York: U.S. Geological Survey Water-Resources Investigation Open-File Report 77-34, Soren,
Julian 1978.
USACE, 2009. Water Resource Policies and Authorities Incorporating Sea-Level Change
Considerations in Civil Works Programs, Expires 1 July 2011. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,
Circular No. 1165-2-211, July 1, 2009.
29
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
USGS, 1987. Thickness and hydrogeology of aquifers and confining units below the upper
glacial aquifer on Long Island, New York. Soren, J. and Simmons, D. L., United States
Geological Survey, Publication No. 86-4175.
USGS, 1997. Water Table of the Upper Glacial Aquifer on Western Long Island, New York,
in March-April 1997, R. Busciolano et. al., U.S. Geological Survey.
USGS, 1999. Simulation of Ground-Water Flow and Pumpage in Kings and Queens Counties,
Long Island, New York, Water-Resources Investigations Report 98-4071, U.S. Geological
Survey.
USGS, 2005. New York Average Annual Precipitation, 1961-1990, in National Atlas of the
United States, http://nationalatlas.gov
USGS, 2008. Spatial Distribution of Ground-Water Recharge Estimated with a Water-Budget
Method for the Jordan Creek Watershed, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania. Scientific
Investigations Report 2008-5041, U.S. Geological Survey, 2008.
USGS, 2011. National Water Information System Map, http://wdr.usgs.gov/nwisgmap/
U.S. Geological Survey., accessed June 2011.
30
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW01 631797 672021 29.59 157 N N 30 -105 -112 -- -127.41
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW02 632142 671726 13.56 130 -3 -12 -12 N P -- -116.44
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW03 631936 671620 15.93 149 -4 -19 -19 N P -- -133.07
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW04 632448 671754 9.87 137 -4 -12 -12 N P -- -127.13
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW06 631830 671211 10.54 140 -7 -16 -16 -116.5 138.5 -- -129.46
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW07 632274 671589 11.01 138 -9 -10 -10 117 -120.5 -- -126.99
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW08 631958 671278 9.55 138 -8 -24 -24 121.5 -- -- -128.45
Citizens Fmr MGP CG-MW10 632018 671569 12.45 48 -6 -16 -16 -- -- -- -35.55
Citizens Fmr MGP CGP4SB-01 632326 671889 15 30 -4 -8 -8 -- -- -- -15
Citizens Fmr MGP CGP4SB-02 632293 671826 13.5 30 -5.5 -10.2 -10 -- -- -- -16.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGP4SB-03 632250 671854 16 37 -7 -9 -9 -- -- -- -21
Citizens Fmr MGP CGP4SB-04 632170 671899 19.5 40 0.2 -3.5 -4 -- -- -- -20.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGP4SB-05 632142 671933 22.25 50 N N 22 -- -- -- -27.75
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-04 632016 671801 27.93 109 -4 -12 -12 -- -- -- -81.07
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-05 631880 671837 29.93 79 -6 -8 -8 -- -- -- -49.07
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-07 631809 671677 26.8 49 -5 -14 -14 -- -- -- -22.2
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-08 632309 671606 19.53 39 -9 -19 -19 -- -- -- -19.47
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-10 632140 671807 29.59 157 -4 -14 -14 -- -112.41 -- -127.41
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-105 632114 671659 19.5 27 -5.5 -- -- -- -- -- -7.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-107 631720 671817 24.5 41 N -2.5 -3 -- -- -- -16.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-108 631743 671892 28.25 41 N 0.25 0 -- -- -- -12.75
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-109 631804 672036 29.5 42 N 2.5 3 -- -- -- -12.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-110C/CGSB-110E 631901 671976 28.77 41 N -0.23 0 -- -- -- -12.23
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-111/CGPZ-05 631972 671944 26.28 51 N -0.72 -1 -- -- -- -24.72
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-112R/CGSB-112R2 632027 671889 26.53 51 N -5.47 -5 -- -- -- -24.47
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-113 632123 671846 18.14 42 -4.86 -8.16 -8 -- -- -- -23.86
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-114 632179 671798 16.12 42 -8.58 -9.88 -10 -- -- -- -25.88
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-116/CGCPT-116 631984 671318 9.8 88 -4.2 -25.2 -25 -- -- -- -78.2
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-117 632020 671793 26.94 87 -6.06 -12.06 -12 -- -- -- -60.06
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-119 632158 671757 13.44 70 -6.56 -17.56 -18 -- -- -- -56.56
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-120/CGCPT-120 631923 671233 9.76 100 0.76 -20.24 -20 -- -- -- -90.24
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-121/CGSB-121R 631987 671323 9.78 101 -5.22 -17.22 -17 -- -- -- -91.22
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-122R 632048 671415 9.64 100.3 -13.36 -21.36 -21 -- -- -- -90.66
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-123/CGCPT-123 632116 671491 10.94 84 -5.86 -21.06 -21 -- -- -- -73.06
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-124/CGSB-124C 632196 671551 13.65 67 -6.35 -18.35 -18 -- -- -- -53.35
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-125 631955 671279 9.76 62 -4.24 -21.54 -22 -- -- -- -52.24
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-126 632266 671585 11.5 91 -8.5 -27.5 -28 -- -- -- -79.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-127 632355 671623 10.42 101.3 -8.58 -15.68 -16 -- -- -- -90.88
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-128 632420 671649 9.21 59 -5.79 -10.79 -11 -- -- -- -49.79
Page 1 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-129 632529 671648 7.8 65.6 -13.2 -21.2 -21 -- -- -- -57.8
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-13 631936 671620 15.93 149 -17.07 -17 -- -- -- -133.07
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-130/CGCPT-130 632611 671651 7.15 100 -2.85 -20.85 -21 -- -- -- -92.85
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-131/CGCPT-131 632347 671620 10.56 68 -8.44 -15.44 -15 -- -- -- -57.44
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-132 632569 671707 7.35 101 -5.65 -18.65 -19 -- -- -- -93.65
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-133/CGCPT-133 632493 671745 11.21 71 0.21 -11.79 -12 -- -- -- -59.79
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-134 632352 671795 11.26 101 -0.74 -11.54 -12 -- -- -- -89.74
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-14 632598 671662 9 67 -8 -18 -18 -- -- -- -58
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-15 632362 671752 10.92 77 -4 -11.08 -11 -- -- -- -66.08
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-17 632292 671850 14.48 68 -5.52 -18 -18 -- -- -- -53.52
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-18 632210 671946 21.42 67 N N 21 -- -- -- -45.58
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-19 632217 672052 26.4 77 N N 26 -- -- -- -50.6
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-20 631745 671761 22.72 48 -5.28 -11.28 -11 -- -- -- -25.28
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-22 632559 671698 9 108 -5 -19 -19 -- -- -- -99
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-24 632020 671472 10.41 106 -7.59 -15.59 -16 -- -- -- -95.59
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-25 632106 671469 10.4 98 -3.1 -22.6 -23 -- -- -- -87.6
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-26 631830 671211 10.54 140 -12.46 -22.96 -23 -- -- -- -129.46
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-27 632012 671412 10.06 78 -4 -7 -7 -- -- -- -67.94
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-31 631570 671546 19.4 48 -11 -12 -12 -- -- -- -28.6
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-32 631627 671711 22.51 138 -6.99 -7.49 -7 -110.00 -114.49 -- -115.49
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-33 631700 671924 28.65 48 N N 29 -- -- -- -19.35
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-37 632110 671854 18.98 146.5 -6.02 -8.02 -8 -110.00 -114.02 -127.02 -127.52
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-39 632393 671912 14.33 78 -2.67 -6.67 -7 -- -- -- -63.67
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-40 632268 671935 23.58 59 4.58 3.58 4 -- -- -- -35.42
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-41 632188 671981 18.86 58 N N 19 -- -- -- -39.14
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-42 632463 671957 16.35 58 -2 -5 -5 -- -- -- -41.65
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-44 632890 671670 5.86 108 -4.64 -22.14 -22 -- -- -- -102.14
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-45 632225 671651 12.06 158 -5 -14 -14 -- P -145.94 -145.94
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-46 632122 671666 13.98 182 -9.02 -19.02 -19 -- -138.02 -152.02 -168.02
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-47 632021 671785 27.74 169 -6 -8 -8 -116 -118 -- -141
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-48 632502 671287 6.64 164 -6.36 -14 -14 -123 -124 -155.78 -157
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-49 632366 670896 8.5 128 -4 -11 -11 -110 -120 -- -120
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-52 631973 671002 6.05 108 -6.45 -20 -20 -- -- -- -102
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-57/CGMW-27 632584 671910 12.55 45 -5.95 -8.95 -9 -- -- -- -32.45
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-58 632970 671759 7.31 69 -12.19 -20.69 -21 -- -- -- -61.69
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-59/CGMW-29 632989 670749 8.93 45 -4 -10.57 -11 -- -- -- -36.07
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-60/CGMW-32 632059 670722 5.24 49 -13.5 -21.26 -21 -- -- -- -43.76
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-62/CGPZ-42S/CGMW-42I 631946 671526 15.36 86 -10.64 -16.64 -17 -- -- -- -70.64
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-63/-63B 631892 671519 14.72 81 -3.78 -17.28 -17 -- -- -- -66.3
Page 2 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-64/CGMW-34S 631918 671463 14.7 86 -1.3 -15.3 -15 -- -- -- -71.3
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-65 631813 671497 14.38 46 -6.52 -13.62 -14 -- -- -- -31.62
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-66 631934 671399 14.24 86 -1.76 -19.76 -20 -- -- -- -71.76
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-67/CGMW-40D 631820 671337 15.07 114 -3 -8 -8 -- -- -- -98.93
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-68/CGMW-35 631818 671579 15 34 -4 -15 -15 -- -- -- -19
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-69/CGMW-36 631781 671479 14.62 35 -1 -13.38 -13 -- -- -- -20.38
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-70 631674 671489 14.4 42 1.5 -13.6 -14 -- -- -- -27.6
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-71/CGMW-37 631668 671620 15.2 40 -6.8 -8.8 -9 -- -- -- -24.8
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-72/CGMW-38 631628 671519 14.4 40 -8.9 -14.6 -15 -- -- -- -25.6
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-73 631605 671452 14.42 40 -9.58 -11.58 -12 -- -- -- -25.58
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-74 631613 671343 14.42 90 -8.88 -13.58 -14 -- -- -- -75.58
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-75/CGMW-39 631678 671320 14.1 92.8 -4 -14.6 -15 -- -- -- -78.7
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-77 631886 671254 15.22 114 -4.78 -16.78 -17 -- -- -- -98.78
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-78 631647 671366 15.04 36 -7.96 -13.46 -13 -- -- -- -20.96
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-79 632685 671652 6.42 64 -10.58 -23.38 -23 -- -- -- -57.58
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-81/CGPZ-1I 632019 671867 27.36 52.5 NE -6.04 -6 -- -- -- -25.14
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-82/CGPZ-2I 631982 671825 28.2 52.5 -5.7 -8.8 -9 -- -- -- -24.3
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-83/CGPZ-3 631944 671796 29.56 37 N N 30 -- -- -- -7.44
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-99/-99A 632180 671426 -16.5 105 -16.5 -21.5 -22 -120.3 -120.5 -- -121.5
Citizens Fmr MGP CGSB-100 631965 671210 -12 65 -12 -22 -22 -- -- -- -77
Citizens Fmr MGP FW-MW-01 634200 673049 10.18 66 N N 10 -- -- -- -55.82
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-02 634302 673012 13.26 75 N N 13 -- -- -- -61.74
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-03 634429 673010 12.17 65 N N 12 -- -- -- -52.83
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-04 634626 672850 14.99 50 -4 -4 -4 -- -- -- -35.01
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-05 634844 672930 21.15 50 -4 -10 -10 -- -- -- -28.85
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-06 634940 673074 22.38 60 -4 -15 -15 -- -- -- -37.62
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-07 635050 673083 23.18 55 N N 23 -- -- -- -31.82
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-08 634905 673257 15.11 65 -4 -13 -13 -- -- -- -49.89
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-09 634724 673387 11.22 75 -4 -14 -14 -- -- -- -63.78
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-10 634416 673445 10.65 98 -4 -18 -18 -- -- -- -87.35
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-12 635199 672856 22.62 50 -4 -17 -17 -- -- -- -27.38
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-13 635149 672983 24.2 50 N N 24 -- -- -- -25.8
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-14 635298 673052 24.33 50 N N 24 -- -- -- -25.67
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-MW-16 634959 673198 21.4 65 -6 -13 -13 -- -- -- -43.6
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-01 634358 673208 13.05 50 N N 13 -- -- -- -36.95
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-02 634345 673163 12.99 50 N N 13 -- -- -- -37.01
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-03 634330 673120 13.03 25 N N 13 -- -- -- -11.97
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-04 634373 673187 13.03 50 N N 13 -- -- -- -36.97
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-05B 634297 673150 13.01 50 N N 13 -- -- -- -36.99
Page 3 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-06 634345 673241 11.58 98 N N 12 -- -- -- -86.42
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-07/FW-MW-17 634401 673207 12.08 73 N N 12 -- -- -- -60.92
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-08 634476 673103 11.97 100 N N 12 -- -- -- -88.03
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-09 634460 672934 12.19 65 N N 12 -- -- -- -52.81
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-10 634575 673126 11.8 65 -4 -5.2 -5 -- -- -- -53.2
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-11/-11A 634596 673038 15.43 75 N N 15 -- -- -- -59.57
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-16 634674 672943 18.16 75 -3 -6 -6 -- -- -- -56.84
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-17B 634869 673042 22 60 -2 -13 -13 -- -- -- -38
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-18 634886 673101 20.86 70 -2 -13 -13 -- -- -- -49.14
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-19 634854 673201 21.34 60 -9 -13 -13 -- -- -- -38.66
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-20 634745 673182 16.91 75 -2 -9 -9 -- -- -- -58.09
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-21 634786 673094 21.76 75 -4 -9 -9 -- -- -- -53.24
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-22 634728 673145 16.91 80 -5 -8 -8 -- -- -- -63.09
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-23 634827 673158 21.48 100 -4 -17 -17 -- -- -- -78.52
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-24 634792 673235 17.05 75 -4 -6 -6 -- -- -- -57.95
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-25 634705 673253 16.99 110 -8 -16 -16 -- -- -- -93.01
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-26 634644 673171 16.91 75 -3 -8 -8 -- -- -- -58.09
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-27 634488 673177 10.72 11 N N 11 -- -- -- -0.28
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-28 634749 673337 11.84 75 -4 -13 -13 -- -- -- -63.16
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-29 634545 673254 11.51 65 N N 12 -- -- -- -53.49
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-30 634646 673331 14.87 80 -4 -9 -9 -- -- -- -65.13
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-31 634615 673268 15.27 75 N N 15 -- -- -- -59.73
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-32 634582 673205 15.47 100 -4 -7 -7 -- -- -- -84.53
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-33A 635240 672904 24.25 20.3 N N 24 -- -- -- 3.95
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-34 635274 672955 24.42 31 N N 24 -- -- -- -6.58
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-35 634460 673228 11.54 105 N N 12 -- -- -- -93.46
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-36 634967 673268 16.45 55 -5.55 -12.55 -13 -- -- -- -38.55
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-37 634151 672802 14.3 80 N N 14 -- -- -- -65.7
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-38 634221 672766 13.32 68 N N 13 -- -- -- -54.68
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-39 635075 673207 22.64 55 -2.96 -6.86 -7 -- -- -- -32.36
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-40 634992 673500 17.24 60 -8 -9.96 -10 -- -- -- -42.76
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-41 634842 673578 17.56 70 -2 -8 -8 -- -- -- -52.44
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-42 634561 673716 14.79 79 -5 -9 -9 -- -- -- -64.21
Fulton Works Fmr MGP FW-SB-43 635330 672906 24.1 50 -5 -10 -10 -- -- -- -25.9
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-01 634661 673209 16.81 20 -2.69 -7 -7 -- -- -- -3.19
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-02 634677 673243 16.89 20 -2.11 -8 -8 -- -- -- -3.11
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-03 634738 673213 16.99 8 N N 17 -- -- -- 8.99
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-07 634699 673274 16.79 20 N N 17 -- -- -- -3.21
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-08 634721 673321 12.66 24 -8.34 -10 -10 -- -- -- -11.34
Page 4 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-09 634788 673110 21.76 27.5 -1.74 -9 -9 -- -- -- -5.74
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-11 634864 673246 21.5 28 -2.5 -- -- -- -- -- -6.5
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-12 634873 673078 21.22 18 N N 21 -- -- -- 3.22
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-13 634902 673127 20.86 19 N N 21 -- -- -- 1.86
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-14 634560 673283 11.24 20 -7.26 -8.26 -8 -- -- -- -8.76
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-15 634990 672962 21.42 20 N N 21 -- -- -- 1.42
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-16 634748 673095 17 20 N N 17 -- -- -- -3
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-17 634674 673131 13.9 20 -2.1 -7 -7 -- -- -- -6.1
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-18 634583 673171 15.47 12 -4 -8 -8 -- -- -- 3.47
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-19 634834 672994 18.24 14.5 N N 18 -- -- -- 3.74
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-21 634626 673100 12.92 16 N N 13 -- -- -- -3.08
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-22 634572 673128 11.6 16 N N 12 -- -- -- -4.4
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-23 634313 673257 11.26 23.5 -6.74 -7.74 -8 -- -- -- -12.24
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-24 634407 673205 12.08 24 N N 12 -- -- -- -11.92
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-25 634497 673165 10.72 2 N N 11 -- -- -- 8.72
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-26 634463 673079 12.23 24 N N 12 -- -- -- -11.77
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-27 634425 672912 12.21 26 N N 12 -- -- -- -13.79
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-28 634628 672871 14.99 20 -2 -6 -6 -- -- -- -5.01
Fulton Works Fmr MGP KSF-SB-29 634747 672804 14.99 20 -2 -6 -6 -- -- -- -5.01
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW03 634047 673057 6.62 43 -3 -8 -8 -- -- -- -42.38
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW04 633870 673236 8.6 39 -4 -9 -9 -- -- -- -30.4
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW05 633628 672013 5.85 35 -4 -12 -12 -- -- -- -21.15
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW06 633498 672097 7.2 35 -3 -18 -18 -- -- -- -33.8
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW11 631568 670748 9.75 45 -7 -15 -15 -- -- -- -31.25
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW13 630820 669229 5.83 56 -4 -36 -36 -- -- -- -36.17
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW14 630796 669472 7.05 56 -10 -24 -24 -- -- -- -34.95
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW15 630055 668535 7.45 60 N N 7 -- -- -- -33.55
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW20 631986 671026 6.03 39 -4 -17 -17 -- -- -- -44.97
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW21 632234 670897 6.27 38 -4 -9 -9 -- -- -- -44.73
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW24 632863 671082 8.71 40 -4 -12 -12 -- -- -- -33.29
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW25 633803 671880 22.25 43 -11 -19 -19 -- -- -- -19.75
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW26 633980 671881 21.44 39 N N 21 -- -- -- -17.56
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW27 633954 671949 17.41 47 -3 -12 -12 -- -- -- -70.59
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW28 633902 672417 7.77 37 -3 -25 -25 -- -- -- -79.23
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW29 633997 672325 8.83 37 -3 -10 -10 -- -- -- -61.17
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW33 634668 673484 7.28 39 -8 -17 -17 -- -- -- -93.72
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW34 634107 673163 5 33 -4 -7 -7 -- -- -- -95
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW35 633995 672616 7.6 35 -3 -11 -11 -- -- -- -93.4
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW36 633718 672276 5.28 38 -3 -10 -10 -- -- -- -95.02
Page 5 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW37 633518 671259 12.02 42 -8 -12 -12 -- -- -- -71.98
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW38 633788 671082 11.33 39 -2 -17 -17 -- -- -- -55.67
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW39 633983 670859 18.15 43 -16 -24 -24 -- -- -- -43.85
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW42 632315 671008 6.81 38 -15 -18 -18 -- -- -- -84.19
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW43 633691 672247 5.4 38 -2 -10 -10 -- -- -- -95.9
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW44 631636 670459 4.73 45 -3 -25 -25 -- -- -- -54.27
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW45 631766 670642 4.5 41 -4 -18 -18 -- -- -- -61.1
Gowanus Canal (EPA) EPA-MW46 631739 670581 4.76 57 -5 -22 -22 -- -- -- -144.24
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-GP-05 634184 673348 4.96 40 -4.29 -10.04 -10 -- -- -- -35.04
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-GP-07 634063 673099 3.71 40 -3.01 -12.79 -13 -- -- -- -36.29
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-GP-13 633714 672124 4.99 40 -7.24 -23.01 -23 -- -- -- -35.01
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-GP-15 633584 671897 3.76 40 -7.24 -18.24 -18 -- -- -- -36.24
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-MW23I 632487 671276 7.03 39 -2 -10 -10 -- -- -- -39
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-MW30D2/D1 634218 673042 8.56 167 N N 9 -115.4 -115.9 -159 -167
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-MW40D2/D1 630563 669197 12.40 157 -3 -13 -13 -137 -147 -- -145
Gowanus Canal (NG) GC-MW41I 630343 669305 7.92 58 -4 -6 -6 -- -- -- -58
Gowanus Canal (NG) GCMW-41S 630336 669306 7.94 13.5 N N 8 -- -- -- -13.5
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW01 634476 673671 9.57 40 N N 10 -- -- -- -30.43
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW02 634302 673621 5.57 39 -6 -13 -13 -- -- -- -33.43
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW09 631759 670959 10.32 40 -18 -25 -25 -- -- -- -29.68
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW10 631573 671266 13.74 45 N N 14 -- -- -- -31.26
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW17 631226 669638 10.32 46 -6 -16 -16 -- -- -- -35.68
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW18 631153 669308 11.08 58 -11.5 -21.5 -22 -- -- -- -46.92
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW19 631437 669332 12.14 62 -13 -17 -17 -- -- -- -49.86
Gowanus Canal (NYC) NYC-MW47 631766 670692 4.6 47 -12.4 -18.4 -18 -- -- -- -42.4
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW1 632319 669756 11.99 72 -3 -23 -23 -- -- -- -60.01
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW2 632036 669756 10.26 72 -5 -17 -17 -- -- -- -61.74
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW3 631831 669867 8.61 60 -4 -20 -20 -- -- -- -51.39
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW4 631428 670144 6.86 150 -5 -21 -21 -121 -135 -- -143.14
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW5 631373 669935 9.79 72 -10 -19 -19 -- -- -- -62.21
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW6 631658 669756 9.81 50 -6 -16 -16 -- -- -- -40.19
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW7 631768 669683 10.36 50 -3 -17 -17 -- -- -- -39.64
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW8 631617 670073 7.48 50 -8 -17 -17 -- -- -- -42.52
Metropolitan Fmr MGP MT-MW9 631498 670280 9.29 80 -16 -21 -21 -- -- -- -70.71
USGS K10.1 633303 671953 9.0 161.0 N N 9 -- -128.0 -- -152.0
USGS K1012.1 626956 663315 16.0 175.0 N N 16 -100.0 -124.0 -- -159
USGS K1018.1 639579 678972 18.0 116.0 0.0 -18.0 -18 -- -- -- -98
USGS K1051.1 639884 679379 14.0 80.0 N N 14 -- -- -- -66
USGS K1069.1 629839 671427 8.0 53.0 N N 8 -- -- -- -45
Page 6 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
USGS K1091.1 630380 671228 18.0 124.0 N N 18 -105 -113 -- -106
USGS K110.1 632180 679738 72.0 160.0 N N 72 -- -- -88.0 -88.0
USGS K1130.1 648334 682974 18.0 89.0 N N 18 -63.0 -- -- -71
USGS K1148.1 628187 663727 11.0 150.0 N N 11 -86.0 -100.0 -- -139
USGS K1160.1 645038 680524 10.0 155.0 0.0 -6.0 -6 -69.0 -86.0 -- -145
USGS K1190.1 628978 673851 10.0 74.0 0.0 -4.0 -4 -54.0 -- -- -64
USGS K1192.1 630057 673756 30.0 112.0 2 -10 -10 -- -- -- -82
USGS K12.1 634570 679347 49.0 112.0 N N 49 -- -- -50.0 -63.0
USGS K1271.1 627260 664127 5.0 153.0 N N 5 -96.0 -134.0 -207.0 -148
USGS K1274.1 645114 680626 10.0 165.0 N N 10 N -140.0 -- -155
USGS K1287.1 642222 662494 50.0 161.0 N N 50 -82.0 -97.0 -- -111
USGS K1288.1 639427 678668 30.0 102.0 N N 30 -72.0 -73.0 -- -72
USGS K1302.1 635741 676723 41.0 79.0 N N 41 -- -- -- -38
USGS K1305.1 644653 680420 10.0 166.0 -17.0 -32.0 -32 -72.0 -96.0 -- -156
USGS K1313.1 640426 678978 31.0 161.0 N N 31 -72.0 -129.0 -- -130
USGS K1329.1 645357 666561 46.0 162.0 N N 46 -- -- -- -116
USGS K1331.1 646358 666567 50.0 145.0 N N 50 -- -- -- -95
USGS K1332.1 632696 670431 10.0 168.0 0.0 -10.0 -10 -121.0 -129.0 -- -158
USGS K1338.1 641962 667147 79.0 200.0 N N 79 -116.0 -- -- -121
USGS K1340.1 640350 678876 35.0 145.0 N N 35 -72.0 -110.0 -120.0 -110
USGS K1344.1 644653 680420 10.0 171.0 N N 10 -85.0 -118.0 -- -161
USGS K1354.1 637747 663276 60 180.0 N N 60 -105.0 -120.0 -- -120
USGS K15.1 636112 679154 15.0 114.0 -23.0 -25.0 -25 -93.0 -99.0 -- -99.0
USGS K167.1 628032 663929 13.0 150.0 N N 13 -73.0 -82.0 ??? -137.0
USGS K20.1 638301 673703 40.0 136.0 N N 40 -94.0 -96.0 -- -96.0
USGS K23.1 640226 673815 73.0 152.0 N N 73 no info no info -170.0 -79.0
USGS K245.1 630599 659794 127.0 178.0 NE NE 127 -- -- -- -51.0
USGS K249.1 646058 677596 36.0 101.3 N N 36 no info no info -- -65.3
USGS K256.1 642826 676968 50.0 112.0 N N 50 no info no info -- -62.0
USGS K259.1 635589 676318 40.0 113.0 N N 40 -73.0 no info -- -73.0
USGS K261.1 634276 676917 50.0 110.0 N N 50 no info no info -59.0 -60
USGS K277.1 635975 676117 37.0 146.0 NE -13.0 -13 -97.0 N -109.0 -109
USGS K285.1 632082 656463 63.0 127.0 N N 63 no info no info -- -64
USGS K290.1 635514 676013 45.0 110.0 N N 45 -58 -59 -59.0 -65
USGS K320.1 635744 676217 38.0 114.0 N N 38 -65 -77 -75.0 -76
USGS k3301 637079 671874 65 69.7 N N 65 -- -- -- -4.7
USGS K501.1 636699 658008 47.0 112.0 N N 47 -- -- -- -65
USGS K503.1 636766 659729 63.0 110.0 N N 63 -- -- -- -47
USGS K508.1 638451 661459 50.0 116.0 N N 50 -- -- -- -66
Page 7 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
USGS K510.1 634919 659212 63.0 120.0 N N 63 -- -- -- -57
USGS K512.1 638998 660349 48.0 106.0 N N 48 -- -- -- -58
USGS K517.1 644119 667262 78.0 303.0 N N 78 -110.0 -165.0 -- -225
USGS K525.1 636623 657906 47.0 400.0 N N 47 -173.0 -288.0 -- -353
USGS K526.1 641962 667147 82.0 400.0 N N 82 -146.0 -208.0 -291.0 -318
USGS K528.1 644215 664328 61.0 360.0 N N 61 -159.0 -195.0 -298.0 -299
USGS K529.1 636610 660031 62.0 220.0 N N 62 -151.0 -- -- -158
USGS K615.1 644395 672424 80.0 140.0 N N 80 -- -- -- -60
USGS K 638. 1 632696 670431 9.0 175.0 N N 9 -135.0 -136.0 -166.0 -166
USGS K639.1 632472 669115 28.0 190.0 N N 28 -122.0 -142.0 no info -162
USGS K64.2 645114 680626 10.0 168.0 3.0 -22.0 -22 -85.0 -90.0 -- -158.0
USGS K641.1 630168 681346 NR NR NR NR NR -- -- -64.3 NR
USGS K646.1 634854 670343 10.0 194.0 -20.0 -45.0 -45 -97.0 -144.0 -- -184
USGS K648.1 634393 670138 38.0 197.0 18.0 16.0 16 -112.0 -114.0 -- -159
USGS K650.1 634164 669732 10.0 195.0 N N 10 -111.0 -167.0 -- -185
USGS K654.1 632981 674481 25.0 158.6 N N 25 -- -- -100.0 -133.6
USGS K655.1 635596 675204 39.0 214.0 N N 39 -- -- -147.0 -175
USGS K656.1 635823 675813 43.0 159.4 N N 43 -- -- -89.0 -116.4
USGS K657.1 637222 673797 44.0 227.8 N N 44 -- -- -162.0 -183.8
USGS K658.1 639431 677858 61.0 201.8 N N 61 -103.0 -120.0 -120.3 -140.8
USGS K659.1 636596 675413 38.0 170.0 N N 38 -- -- -106.0 -132
USGS K660.1 636052 676219 35.0 125.0 N N 35 -- -- -67.0 -90
USGS K661.1 637047 677338 62.0 147.0 N N 62 -63 -66 -74.0 -85
USGS K663.1 639113 679577 14.0 195.2 N N 14 -101.0 -121.0 -151.0 -181.2
USGS K666.1 642178 682125 55.0 214.0 2 -10 -10 -- -- -139.0 -159
USGS K668.1 631907 673665 57.0 199.7 2 -10 -10 -- -- -123.0 -142.7
USGS K669.1 630831 673153 48.0 182.1 2 -10 -10 -- -- -114.0 -134.1
USGS K670.1 643326 683246 30.0 165.5 N N 30 -- -- -115.5 -135.5
USGS K671.1 635021 681273 37.0 135.0 N N 37 -- -- -76.4 -98
USGS K672.1 643551 684259 20.0 170.8 N N 20 -- -- -130.8 -150.8
USGS K676.1 634749 675098 28.0 162.8 N N 28 -- -- -127.4 -134.8
USGS K684.1 632401 681561 5.0 104.0 -27.0 -46.0 -46 -- -- -98.0 -99
USGS K685.1 634478 681978 7.0 91.0 2 -10 -10 -- -- -73 -84
USGS K687.1 641719 681617 46.0 200.3 N N 46 -- -- -- -129.7
USGS K690.1 645381 687205 12.0 193.8 N N 12 -- -- -- -162.3
USGS K691.1 644694 686290 20.0 186.5 N N 20 -- -- -- -147.3
USGS K694.1 634134 674791 16.0 106.6 N N 16 -- -- -- -90.6
USGS K698.1 627867 665850 0.0 100.0 -32.0 -47.0 -47 -- -- -- -100
USGS K700.1 629763 671325 6.0 127.0 -7.0 -11.0 -11 -- -- -110.0 -121
Page 8 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 1
Soil Boring Log Summary
Grounwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Observed Strata Break Elevations (ft. NAVD 88)
Ground
Bottom
Boring/Monitoring Well Surface Borehole Top Marsh Bottom Marsh Top Upper Top Gardiner's Top Jameco
Facility Easting Northing Top Bedrock Elevation of
Location ID Elevation Depth (ft.) Deposits Deposits Glacial Sand Clay Gravel
Boring
(NAVD 88)
USGS K701.1 628852 668790 0.0 83.0 -8 -19 -19 -- -- -- -83
USGS K702.1 632752 674075 31.0 136.3 2 -10 -10 -- -- -85.0 -105.3
USGS K703.1 629834 672338 18.0 141.2 N N 18 -93.0 -104.0 -110.0 -123.2
USGS K704.1 628605 671724 7.0 130.0 -3 -11 -11 -51 -121 -121.0 -123
USGS K705.1 626289 672622 10.0 151.0 2 -2 -2 -- -- -112.0 -141
USGS K708.1 630267 677501 6.0 120.0 -24.0 -34.0 -34 -- -- -82.0 -114
USGS K709.1 634797 679956 58.0 139.0 2 -10 -10 -- -- -60.0 -81
USGS K720.1 630457 671127 13.0 103.0 -8.0 -20.0 -20 -83.0 -- -- -90
USGS K723.1 634409 680561 57.0 141.0 N N 57 -- -- -72.0 -84
USGS K725.1 633827 674688 14.0 114.8 N N 14 -- -- -79.0 -100.8
USGS K728.1 635034 679047 36.0 131.7 N N 36 -- -- -81.0 -95.7
USGS K729.1 638118 678458 45.0 175.2 N N 45 -90.0 -- -108.0 -130.2
USGS K730.1 635349 677935 36.0 134.3 N N 36 -- -- -68.0 -98.3
USGS K731.1 634441 674995 23.0 210.0 N N 23 -- -- -160.0 -187
USGS K82.1 639963 679076 20.0 120.0 N N 20 -- -- -100.0 -100.0
USGS K880.1 637727 652293 30 71 N N 30 -- -- -- -41
USGS K884.1 649788 668978 120 172 N N 120 -- -- -- -52
USGS K894.1 649727 681971 30.0 282.0 22.0 8.0 8 -57.0 -- -- -252
USGS K898.1 644007 685274 7.0 84.0 N N 7 -- -- -- -77
USGS K907.1 633789 667908 80.0 130.0 N N 80 -- -- -- -50
USGS K916.1 633930 670135 13.0 162.0 -26.0 no info 13 -118.0 -128.0 -- -149
USGS K917.1 635081 671052 10.0 105.5 N N 10 -- -- -- -95.5
USGS K 920. 1 633853 670236 15.0 164.0 N N 15 -117.0 -122.0 -- -149
USGS K922.1 628879 664034 12.0 150.0 N N 12 -87.0 -102.0 -- -138
USGS K923.1 634694 659653 67 121 N N 67 -- -- -- -54
USGS K925.1 653981 668999 41 87 N N 41 -- -- -- -46
USGS K930.1 635230 671964 20.0 180.0 10.0 -20.0 -20 -123.0 -129.0 -- -160
USGS K952.1 649207 679033 67.0 122.0 N N 67 -- -- -- -55
USGS K956.1 635152 671964 22.5 182.0 6.5 -28.5 -29 -96.0 -130.0 -- -159.5
Footnotes
-- = Boring terminated at insufficient depth to determine strata break; or insufficient data.
N = Not Present / Not Observed
P = Strata break present at boring location based on local geology, but unable to discern strata break from soil boring log.
Page 9 of 9 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
Table 2
Hydraulic Conductivity Zones
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Hydraulic Conductivity (ft./day)
Published USGS
Horizontal Used Vertical Used in Regional Anisotropy Ratio Literature Value
Stratigraphic Unit in Model (a) Model (a) Slug Test Results (b) (b) Used in Model for Soil Type
Fill See Below See Below 0.6 - 17 -- 0.5 - 50
Fill 1 / Shallow Sand 10 1 10:1
Fill 2 35 3.5 10:1
Fill 3 0.5 0.05 10:1
Fill 4 0.1 0.01 10:1
Fill 5 2 0.2 10:1
Marsh Deposits 0.01 0.001 10:1 10-6 - 1.0 (c)
Canal sediment 0.1 0.1 10:1
Sediment 2 4 4 1:1
Sediment 3 0.5 0.5 1:1
Upper Glacial Aquifer 40 8 0.5 - 172 20-80 (moraine) 5:1
Till Subunit 1 5 0.1 -- 50:1
Till Subunit 2 1 0.05 0.58 -- 20:1
Gardiner's Clay 0.008 0.008 0.001-0.0029 1:1 10-6 - 0.005 (d)
Sand Fringe 2 0.2 10:1 0.1 - 20
Jameco Gravel 300 30 232-811 200-300 10:1 200-20000 (e)
Footnotes:
a. Source: Slug testing results for Carroll Gardens/Public Place and Gowanus Canal Superfund Site monitoring wells, GEI, 2005; GEI, 2010.
b. Source: USGS, 1999.
c. Published range for silt and clay (Anderson, 1992)
d. Published range for clay (Anderson, 1992)
e. Published range for coarse grained deposits (Anderson, 1992)
References:
GEI, 2005. Final Remedial Investigation Report, Carroll Gardens/Public Place, Site No. V00360-2, GEI Consultants, Inc., October 2005.
GEI, 2010. Monitoring Well Installation and Sampling Report, Gowanus Canal Superfund Site, EPA ID#NYN000206222, GEI Consultants, Inc., November 2010.
Anderson, 1992. Applied Groundwater Modeling: Simulation of Flow and Advective Transport. Anderson M.P. and Wossner, W.W., Academic Press, Inc., 192.
USGS, 1999. Simulation of Groundwater Flow and Pumpage in Kings and Queens Counties, Long Island, New York.
H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Page 1 of 1
Tables
Table 3
Calibration Data Set
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Measured Averages Measurement Date/Tide Cycle (c)
Model-
Facility Location Strata Easting Northing Center Calculated Calibration Tidally Tidal 5/5/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 7/26/10 9/29/10 5/5/03 7/10/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 8/23/10 10/22/10
Screen Elev. Residual (a) Averaged Static Avg High Tide Avg Low Tide Fluctuation Avg
Heads
GW Elev.(b) High - Low Tide
H H H H H L L L L L L
Citizens CG-MW01D UG 631797 672021 -99.4 2.92 0.70 2.23 2.27 2.18 0.09 0.79 2.49 2.61 2.86 2.6 0.78 1.81 2.45 2.62 2.84 2.58
Citizens CG-MW01I UG 631797 672021 -46.4 2.92 0.68 2.24 2.23 2.26 -0.03 0.74 2.43 2.58 2.82 2.56 0.75 1.76 2.4 2.59 3.48 2.55
Citizens CG-MW01S S 631797 672021 -1.4 3.21 0.75 2.46 2.46 2.47 -0.02 0.77 2.47 2.54 2.88 3.62 0.77 1.81 2.46 2.65 3.54 3.61
Citizens CG-MW02D J 632142 671726 -124.5 2.97 0.73 2.24 2.48 2.01 0.47 1.56 2.87 3 1.43 1.1 2.68 2.81
Citizens CG-MW02I UG 632142 671726 -45.1 2.27 0.36 1.91 2.10 1.72 0.38 1.21 2.51 2.57 1.01 1.71 2.23 1.92
Citizens CG-MW02S S 632142 671726 -0.2 10.16 -0.25 10.41 10.41 10.42 -0.01 11.33 11.06 10.78 9.46 9.4 11.32 9.84 11.1 10.74 9.36 10.15
Citizens CG-MW03D J 631936 671620 -121.1 3.09 -0.21 3.30 2.59 3.83 -1.23 1.89 2.88 3.01 1.43 8.4 2.66 2.81
Citizens CG-MW03I UG 631936 671620 -53.3 2.45 0.76 1.69 1.91 1.53 0.38 0.92 2.35 2.45 0.66 1.41 1.95 2.08
Citizens CG-MW03S S 631936 671620 2.8 7.68 -0.06 7.74 7.48 7.94 -0.46 7.4 7.57 7.48 7.46 9.15 7.55 7.6
Citizens CG-MW04D UG 632448 671754 -120.1 2.80 0.61 2.19 2.20 2.19 0.01 1.66 2.92 2.02 1.56 2.15 2.19 2.86
Citizens CG-MW04I UG 632448 671754 -52.7 1.90 0.24 1.66 1.66 1.66 0.01 1.18 2.38 1.43 0.91 1.37 2.43 1.92
Citizens CG-MW04S S 632448 671754 -3.2 3.37 -1.20 4.57 4.58 4.57 0.01 4.81 4.43 4.5 4.82 4.56 4.42 4.48
Citizens CG-MW05I UG 632217 672052 -32.9 2.69 0.54 2.15 2.19 2.12 0.07 1.16 2.64 2.77 1.19 1.96 2.57 2.77
Citizens CG-MW05S S 632217 672052 -4.3 2.71 0.30 2.41 2.44 2.39 0.05 1.46 2.89 2.96 1.48 2.14 2.91 3.01
Citizens CG-MW06 S 631830 671211 -4.9 2.68 -0.62 3.30 3.57 3.04 0.54 3.68 3.31 3.73 3.67 3.42 1.26 3.79
Citizens CG-MW07D UG 632286 671579 -112.3 1.73 -0.47 2.20 2.32 2.08 0.24 1.41 2.68 2.87 1.24 1.99 2.45 2.64
Citizens CG-MW07I UG 632286 671579 -55.5 1.51 -0.47 1.98 2.29 1.67 0.62 1.52 2.63 2.72 1 1.47 2.01 2.2
Citizens CG-MW07S S 632286 671579 -5.1 -0.04 0.64 -0.68 1.85 -2.58 4.43 1.44 1.73 2.39 -1.93 -2.78 -3.01 -2.6
Citizens CG-MW08S S 631969 671268 -4.4 0.91 1.80 -0.89 1.58 -2.74 4.32 1.29 1.56 1.89 -2.12 -2.85 -2.94 -3.03
Citizens CG-MW08D UG 631969 671268 -108.7 2.18 0.60 1.58 1.76 1.44 0.32 0.82 2.17 2.3 0.58 1.39 1.9 1.89
Citizens CG-MW09 S 632078 671513 -1.7 2.39 0.66 1.73 1.74 1.73 0.01 1.58 NM 1.66 1.97 1.63 1.25 NM 1.74 2.33 1.7
Citizens CG-MW10 S 632018 671569 0.3 6.46 -0.66 7.12 7.16 7.08 0.08 7.23 7.13 7.13 7.25 6.77 7.11 7.19
Citizens CG-MW11 UG 632890 671670 -53.1 1.82 -0.43 2.25 2.58 1.92 0.66 2.59 2.57 1.88 1.96
Citizens CG-MW12 S 632686 671817 -4.0 3.04 0.57 2.48 2.66 2.29 0.38 3.62 3.67 2.44 0.92 3.39 3.64 0.97 1.15
Citizens CG-MW14 CH2 S 632110 671854 -1.7 9.81 -1.33 11.14 11.10 11.19 -0.10 11.17 11.02 11.33 11.05
Citizens CG-MW14 CH3 UG 632110 671854 -14.3 2.51 -0.37 2.88 2.91 2.86 0.05 2.8 3.01 2.8 2.91
Citizens CG-MW14 CH4 UG 632110 671854 -46.7 2.51 -0.05 2.56 2.59 2.52 0.07 2.49 2.69 2.33 2.71
Citizens CG-MW14 CH5 UG 632110 671854 -106.7 2.53 -0.22 2.75 2.72 2.78 -0.06 2.67 2.77 2.77 2.79
Citizens CG-MW14 CH6 UG 632110 671854 -112.3 2.53 -0.22 2.75 2.78 2.72 0.07 2.68 2.88 2.7 2.73
Citizens CG-MW14 CH7 J 632110 671854 -119.6 3.04 0.33 2.71 2.73 2.69 0.04 2.56 2.89 2.64 2.74
Citizens CG-MW15CH1 S 631553 671372 -5.2 5.89 -0.60 6.49 6.92 6.06 0.86 6.05 6.07 5.93 9.62 5.95 6.09 5.84 6.36
Citizens CG-MW15CH3 UG 631553 671372 -17.9 2.73 -0.20 2.93 3.83 2.04 1.80 2.09 2.11 2.3 8.83 1.84 1.9 2.37 2.03
Citizens CG-MW15CH6 UG 631553 671372 -110.2 2.73 0.56 2.17 2.68 1.66 1.02 1.44 1.53 1.92 5.83 1.51 1.51 1.71 1.92
Citizens CG-MW15CH7 J 631553 671372 -130.2 3.30 0.14 3.16 3.31 3.05 0.26 2.84 2.76 4.32 2.83 3 3.39 2.98
Citizens CG-MW16 CH2 UG 632502 671287 -11.5 1.44 -0.01 1.45 1.24 1.66 -0.43 1.32 1.15 1.98 1.34
Citizens CG-MW16 CH3 UG 632502 671287 -22.5 1.44 -0.35 1.79 2.38 1.21 1.17 2.42 2.33 1.22 1.19
Citizens CG-MW16 CH4 UG 632502 671287 -41.6 1.44 -0.77 2.21 2.80 1.63 1.17 2.86 2.73 1.73 1.52
Citizens CG-MW16 CH5 UG 632502 671287 -62.4 1.44 -0.38 1.82 0.96 2.68 -1.72 0.19 1.72 3.13 2.22
Citizens CG-MW16 CH7 UG 632502 671287 -133.5 3.94 0.97 2.98 3.01 2.94 0.07 2.88 3.14 2.74 3.14
Citizens CG-MW17CH1 S 631627 671711 5.2 6.03 -1.09 7.12 7.31 7.00 0.31 7.16 7.46 7.05 7.51 6.44
Citizens CG-MW17CH4 UG 631627 671711 -52.4 2.83 0.50 2.33 2.31 2.36 -0.05 2.11 2.25 2.56 2.18 2.29 2.61
Citizens CG-MW17CH5 UG 631627 671711 -62.2 2.83 0.40 2.43 2.44 2.42 0.01 2.32 2.42 2.57 2.25 2.42 2.6
Citizens CG-MW17CH6 UG 631627 671711 -102.4 2.83 0.51 2.33 2.32 2.33 0.00 2.22 2.3 2.45 2.1 2.32 2.56
Citizens CG-MW17CH7 J 631627 671711 -119.6 3.27 -0.80 4.07 2.77 5.04 -2.27 2.82 2.29 3.19 2.81 10.94 3.26 3.15
Citizens CG-MW18CH1 S 632393 671912 0.8 3.52 -0.14 3.66 3.45 3.87 -0.42 2.45 2.57 3.87 4.92 2.34 2.54 5.45 5.15
Citizens CG-MW18CH2 S 632393 671912 -8.2 2.66 0.13 2.53 2.63 2.44 0.19 2.43 2.38 2.82 2.88 1.96 2.23 2.96 2.61
Citizens CG-MW18CH5 UG 632393 671912 -41.2 2.37 -0.56 2.93 2.94 2.92 0.02 2.78 2.65 3.25 3.07 2.67 2.75 3.22 3.03
Citizens CG-MW18CH6 UG 632393 671912 -56.3 2.37 -0.56 2.93 2.96 2.90 0.06 2.73 2.84 3.16 3.09 2.7 2.72 3.2 2.97
Citizens CG-MW18CH7 UG 632393 671912 -63.2 2.37 -0.50 2.87 2.87 2.86 0.01 2.78 2.85 2.99 2.65 2.8 3.13
Citizens CG-MW19CH1 S 632366 670896 -2.5 2.21 0.55 1.66 1.73 1.60 0.13 1.99 1.91 1.3 1.47 1.63 1.85 1.45
Citizens CG-MW19CH2 S 632366 670896 -15.5 2.07 0.27 1.80 2.21 1.39 0.82 2.23 2.16 1.98 2.46 1.13 1.1 2.11 1.22
Citizens CG-MW19CH3 UG 632366 670896 -22.5 2.07 -0.16 2.23 2.43 2.02 0.41 2.41 2.19 2.61 2.51 1.88 1.91 2.41 1.88
Citizens CG-MW19CH4 UG 632366 670896 -66.5 2.07 -0.52 2.59 2.59 2.60 -0.01 2.66 2.56 2.54 2.64 2.57 2.62 2.57
Citizens CG-MW19CH5 UG 632366 670896 -76.5 2.46 -0.98 3.44 3.62 3.31 0.31 2.8 2.66 5.4 2.82 2.67 4.41 3.33
Citizens CG-MW19CH6 UG 632366 670896 -107.5 2.46 -0.86 3.32 3.30 3.33 -0.03 3.37 3.24 3.29 3.38 3.21 3.37 3.35
Citizens CG-MW22CH1 S 631973 671002 -6.3 1.93 0.92 1.01 1.42 0.61 0.81 1.38 1.57 1.35 1.36 0.63 0.5 1.05 0.26
Citizens CG-MW22CH2 UG 631973 671002 -22.4 2.25 0.62 1.63 1.74 1.53 0.21 1.65 1.49 1.84 1.97 1.47 1.29 1.86 1.49
Citizens CG-MW22CH3 UG 631973 671002 -34.3 2.25 0.40 1.85 2.32 1.38 0.94 2.21 2.3 2.37 2.4 1.2 1.2 1.92 1.19
Citizens CG-MW22CH4 UG 631973 671002 -46.4 2.25 0.34 1.91 2.20 1.63 0.57 2.06 2.18 2.29 2.27 1.45 1.47 2.09 1.5
Citizens CG-MW22CH5 UG 631973 671002 -58.5 2.25 0.15 2.10 2.53 1.68 0.85 2.11 2.18 2.54 3.27 1.58 1.51 2.41 1.21
Citizens CG-MW22CH6 UG 631973 671002 -76.4 2.27 0.21 2.06 2.25 1.88 0.38 2.03 2.1 2.44 2.44 1.62 1.68 2.31 1.89
Citizens CG-MW22CH7 UG 631973 671002 -91.4 2.27 0.25 2.02 2.33 1.71 0.62 1.95 2.88 2.15 1.34 1.64 2.15 1.7
Citizens CG-MW26 S 632429 672057 1.0 4.42 -1.05 5.47 5.47 5.47 5.47
Citizens CG-MW27 S 632584 671910 4.3 5.88 -0.80 6.68 6.57 6.80 -0.23 8.97 4.16 4.72 8.87
Page 1 of 5 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\Table 3
Table 3
Calibration Data Set
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Measured Averages Measurement Date/Tide Cycle (c)
Model-
Facility Location Strata Easting Northing Center Calculated Calibration Tidally Tidal 5/5/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 7/26/10 9/29/10 5/5/03 7/10/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 8/23/10 10/22/10
Screen Elev. Residual (a) Averaged Static Avg High Tide Avg Low Tide Fluctuation Avg
Heads
GW Elev.(b) High - Low Tide
H H H H H L L L L L L
Citizens CG-MW29 S 632989 670749 0.5 4.58 0.82 3.76 4.27 3.26 1.01 2.43 6.1 2.94 3.57
Citizens CG-MW32 S 632059 670722 -2.0 3.52 0.19 3.34 3.05 3.62 -0.57 3.37 2.73 3.85 3.39
Citizens CG-MW34I UG 631925 671455 -37.8 2.31 -0.25 2.56 2.37 1.80 0.57 2.53 2.21 2.04 1.56
Citizens CG-MW34S S 631925 671455 1.5 4.95 -1.20 6.15 0.00
Citizens CG-MW35 S 631818 671579 6.3 7.13 -2.18 9.31 6.66 6.78 -0.12 7.24 6.07 6.94 6.61
Citizens CG-MW36 S 631781 671479 8.1 6.52 -2.31 8.83 6.33 6.51 -0.18 6.78 5.88 6.58 6.44
Citizens CG-MW37 S 631668 671620 8.2 6.63 -2.89 9.52 6.65 6.78 -0.13 7.01 6.28 6.76 6.79
Citizens CG-MW38 S 631634 671518 8.4 6.65 -3.37 10.02 6.91 7.55 -0.64 7.06 6.76 7.34 7.76
Citizens CG-MW39 S 631682 671314 5.4 4.67 -3.50 8.17 4.60 5.35 -0.75 4.67 4.53 4.86 5.83
Citizens CG-MW40D UG 631820 671337 -79.5 2.41 -0.81 3.22 0.93 0.99 -0.06 0.66 1.19 1.29 0.69
Citizens CG-MW41 UG 631886 671254 -37.7 2.30 0.13 2.17
Citizens CG-MW42 UG 631955 671517 -21.2 2.31 0.07 2.24
Citizens CG-MW43 UG 631796 671292 -71.3 2.43 -0.08 2.51
Citizens CG-PZ03 S 631944 671796 1.8 8.18 0.10 8.08 8.05 8.12 -0.07 8.63 7.46 8.11 8.12
Citizens CG-PZ04 S 631779 671761 6.8 7.55 -0.35 7.9
Citizens CG-PZ05 S 631973 671944 -10.4 2.73 0.24 2.49 2.27 2.72 -0.45 2.89 1.64 2.85 2.58
Citizens CG-PZ06 S 632063 671522 3.2 2.80 0.57 2.23 0.00 2.23
Citizens CG-PZ1I UG 632019 671867 -18.2 2.62 -0.15 2.77 3.37 2.17 1.21 2.97 3.77 2.96 1.37
Citizens CG-PZ2 S 631982 671825 3.7 8.42 -1.29 9.71
Citizens CG-PZ2I UG 631982 671825 -17.0 2.61 0.56 2.05
Citizens CG-PZ42 S 631946 671526 -0.2 5.80 -0.27 6.07 6.34 5.81 0.54 7.84 4.84 6.27 5.34
Fulton FW-MW01 S 634213 673042 -0.6 1.53 0.24 1.29 1.81 0.78 1.03 1.75 1.86 1.22 0.33
Fulton FW-MW02 S 634308 673009 1.0 1.97 0.16 1.81 1.87 1.75 0.12 1.84 1.9 2.03 1.47
Fulton FW-MW03 S 634429 673010 0.9 2.34 0.55 1.79 1.89 1.70 0.19 1.89 1.88 1.71 1.69
Fulton FW-MW03R S 634460 673072 0.0 2.29 0.09 2.20 2.35 2.04 0.31 1.86 2.84 2.27 1.81
Fulton FW-MW04 S 634626 672850 6.5 3.16 -0.31 3.47 3.45 3.50 -0.04 3.49 3.41 3.43 3.56
Fulton FW-MW04R S 634435 672905 1.0 2.53 0.75 1.78 1.98 1.59 0.39 1.9 2.05 2.3 0.88
Fulton FW-MW05 S 634844 672930 3.9 3.40 -3.63 7.03 0.00 3.82
Fulton FW-MW5R S 634970 672980 5.9 3.67 -0.40 4.07 3.93 4.21 -0.28 3.95 3.9 4.05 4.36
Fulton FW-MW06 S 634934 673077 3.8 4.24 -0.97 5.21 5.00 5.42 -0.42 5.12 4.87 5.21 5.62
Fulton FW-MW07 S 635044 673085 7.8 5.60 0.11 5.50 5.28 5.71 -0.43 5.37 5.19 5.39 6.03
Fulton FW-MW09 S 634729 673388 1.2 2.49 -0.01 2.50 2.34 2.66 -0.32 2.38 2.3 2.61 2.7
Fulton FW-MW10 S 634418 673443 0.3 1.55 0.40 1.15 1.15
Fulton FW-MW12 S 635205 672853 6.1 4.21 -0.67 4.88 4.84 4.93 -0.09 4.84 4.83 4.83 5.02
Fulton FW-MW13 S 635149 672983 1.6 4.03 2.09 1.94 0.17 3.71 -3.54 3.55 -3.21 3.74 3.67
Fulton FW-MW14 S 635304 673049 8.8 7.49 -0.39 7.88 7.91 7.86 0.04 7.91 7.9 7.86 7.86
Fulton FW-MW16 S 634955 673200 6.0 4.04 -1.52 5.56 5.31 5.80 -0.49 5.41 5.21 5.5 6.1
Fulton FW-MW17 S 634395 673210 -1.2 1.50 -0.47 1.97 1.88 2.06 -0.18 1.88 1.87 2.24 1.87
Fulton FW-MW18 S 634151 672802 -0.5 1.88 -0.49 2.37 2.36 2.39 -0.02 2.32 2.4 2.54 2.23
Fulton FW-MW19 S 634842 673578 7.6 6.23 -0.85 7.08 6.93 7.24 -0.31 6.91 6.95 7.1 7.37
Fulton FW-MW20 S 634561 673716 2.1 1.88 -0.21 2.09 2.02 2.17 -0.16 1.96 2.07 2.15 2.19
Fulton FW-MW23S S 634483 673572 -2.0 1.92 -1.33 3.25
Fulton FW-MW23I UG 634483 673572 -26.0 2.07 -1.20 3.27
Fulton FW-MW23D1 UG 634483 673572 -108.0 2.46 -0.79 3.25
Fulton FW-MW23D2 J 634483 673572 -143.0 3.58 0.26 3.32
Fulton KSF-MW2 S 634560 673283 6.1 2.31 0.14 2.17 2.11 2.23 -0.12 2.15 2.07 2.4 2.06
Fulton KSF-MW6 S 634674 673131 1.3 -6.31 6.31 6.18 6.44 -0.26 7.08 5.28 7.08 5.79
Fulton KSF-MW7 S 634626 673100 7.8 2.26 -0.22 2.48 2.47 2.50 -0.04 2.59 2.34 2.5
Metropolitan MT-MW1D UG 632319 669756 -52.9 4.48 0.19 4.29 4.24 4.35 -0.11 4.26 4.21 4.34 4.35
Metropolitan MT-MW1I UG 632319 669756 -23.4 -4.56 4.56 4.77 4.36 0.41 4.79 4.74 4.98 3.74
Metropolitan MT-MW1S S 632319 669756 4.0 7.47 -0.32 7.79 7.74 7.84 -0.11 7.99 7.48 8.02 7.66
Metropolitan MT-MW2D UG 632036 669756 -55.0 3.67 0.72 2.95 3.08 2.83 0.25 3.04 3.11 3.14 2.52
Metropolitan MT-MW3I UG 631831 669867 -28.9 3.10 -0.97 4.07 4.20 3.95 0.25 4.17 4.22 4.26 3.63
Metropolitan MT-MW3S S 631831 669867 0.6 5.05 -0.52 5.57 5.57 5.56 0.01 5.66 5.48 5.60 5.52
Metropolitan MT-MW4I UG 631428 670144 -30.6 2.58 0.10 2.48 2.53 2.44 0.10 2.98 2.08 2.95 1.92
Metropolitan MT-MW4S S 631428 670144 -1.1 1.12 -0.62 1.74 1.72 1.77 -0.05 1.86 1.57 2.15 1.38
Page 2 of 5 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\Table 3
Table 3
Calibration Data Set
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Measured Averages Measurement Date/Tide Cycle (c)
Model-
Facility Location Strata Easting Northing Center Calculated Calibration Tidally Tidal 5/5/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 7/26/10 9/29/10 5/5/03 7/10/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 8/23/10 10/22/10
Screen Elev. Residual (a) Averaged Static Avg High Tide Avg Low Tide Fluctuation Avg
Heads
GW Elev.(b) High - Low Tide
H H H H H L L L L L L
Metropolitan MT-MW4D1 UG 631428 670144 -110.0 2.71 -0.49 3.20
Metropolitan MT-MW4D2 J 631428 670144 -137.0 4.45 1.25 3.20
Metropolitan MT-MW5D UG 631373 669935 -55.2 2.61 -0.02 2.64 2.92 2.35 0.57 2.84 3.00 2.69 2.01
Metropolitan MT-MW5I UG 631373 669935 -33.2 2.61 0.05 2.56 2.81 2.31 0.50 2.74 2.88 2.61 2
Metropolitan MT-MW5S S 631373 669935 1.8 2.41 0.17 2.24 2.27 2.22 0.04 2.39 2.14 2.50 1.94
Metropolitan MT-MW6I UG 631658 669756 -25.2 2.87 0.05 2.82 3.09 2.56 0.53 3.03 3.15 3.04 2.07
Metropolitan MT-MW6S S 631658 669756 1.8 4.71 0.75 3.96 3.91 4.02 -0.11 4.01 3.80 4.03 4
Metropolitan MT-MW7I UG 631768 669683 -24.6 3.01 0.01 3.00 3.23 2.77 0.46 3.16 3.29 3.21 2.33
Metropolitan MT-MW7S S 631768 669683 2.4 5.47 0.72 4.76 4.58 4.93 -0.35 4.73 4.43 4.84 5.02
Metropolitan MT-MW8I UG 631617 670073 -27.5 2.68 0.04 2.64 2.85 2.43 0.42 2.76 2.94 2.78 2.08
Metropolitan MT-MW8S S 631617 670073 -0.5 3.23 0.56 2.67 2.71 2.64 0.07 2.81 2.60 2.72 2.55
Metropolitan MT-MW9D UG 631498 670280 -56.2 2.60 0.02 2.59 3.08 2.09 0.99 NS 3.08 NS 2.09
Metropolitan MT-MW9I UG 631498 670280 -28.7 2.60 0.54 2.06 2.07 2.05 0.02 NS 2.07 NS 2.05
Metropolitan MT-MW9S S 631502 670284 -1.0 0.37 0.16 0.21 2.36 -1.95 4.31 NS 2.36 NS -1.95
Gowanus Canal GC-MW23I UG 632487 671276 -24.9 1.47 -0.53 2.00 2.31 1.69 0.62 2.16 2.45 1.74 1.63
Gowanus Canal GC-MW23S S 632487 671276 3.8 1.10 -1.11 2.21 2.13 2.29 -0.16 2.05 2.21 2.07 2.51
Gowanus Canal GC-MW30I UG 634223 673055 -23.1 1.54 -0.34 1.88 2.18 1.58 0.60 2.13 2.23 2.04 1.12
Gowanus Canal GC-MW30D1 UG 634223 673055 -102.6 1.92 -0.99 2.91 3.18 2.65 0.54 3.64 2.72 2.92 2.37
Gowanus Canal GC-MW30D2 J 634223 673055 -133.0 3.22 0.34 2.88 2.71 3.05 -0.35 2.37 3.04 3.17 2.93
Gowanus Canal GC-MW31I UG 634422 673448 -22.3 1.71 -0.52 2.23 0.00 2.23
Gowanus Canal GC-MW32I UG 634650 673200 -22.3 2.74 -0.26 3.00 2.95 3.04 -0.09 2.94 2.96 3.18 2.9
Gowanus Canal GC-MW40D1 UG 630551 669189 -79.5 2.52 -0.26 2.78 3.25 2.32 0.93 3.07 3.42 2.55 2.09
Gowanus Canal GC-MW40D2 J 630563 669197 -142.0 4.47 0.33 4.14 4.42 3.86 0.56 4.26 4.57 4.01 3.71
Gowanus Canal GC-MW40I UG 630563 669197 -44.0 2.15 0.79 1.36 2.39 0.34 2.05 2.25 2.52 0.69 -0.02
Gowanus Canal GC-MW40S S 630563 669197 1.9 2.62 -0.30 2.92 4.47 1.37 3.10 4.22 4.71 4.43 -1.69
Gowanus Canal GC-MW41I UG 630343 669305 -44.0 2.34 0.69 1.65 2.35 0.95 1.40 2.25 2.45 1.65 0.25
Gowanus Canal GC-MW41S S 630343 669305 2.8 5.43 1.03 4.40 4.38 4.42 -0.04 4.27 4.49 4.13 4.71
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW14I UG 630796 669472 -46.2 2.40 0.09 2.31 2.52 1.89 0.63 2.4 2.64 1.89 NR
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW14S S 630796 669472 -0.7 2.23 -0.59 2.82 2.81 2.83 -0.02 2.67 2.95 2.83 NR
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW24I UG 632863 671082 -28.0 2.55 0.09 2.46 3.45 1.96 1.49 NR 3.45 2.48 1.44
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW24S S 632863 671082 -1.5 1.89 -0.73 2.62 2.54 2.66 -0.12 NR 2.54 2.57 2.74
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW25I UG 633803 671880 -29.0 1.84 -0.60 2.44 2.69 2.19 0.50 2.61 2.76 2.48 1.9
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW25S S 633803 671880 0.9 2.62 0.95 1.67 1.59 1.71 -0.12 NR 1.59 1.75 1.67
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW34I UG 634107 673163 -26.0 1.51 -0.62 2.13 2.43 1.83 0.60 2.42 2.43 2.31 1.34
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW34S S 634107 673163 -2.5 0.96 -0.81 1.77 1.94 1.61 0.33 1.79 2.08 1.55 1.66
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW35I UG 633995 672616 -22.4 1.66 -0.77 2.43 2.43 2.44 -0.02 2.15 2.7 3.06 1.82
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW35S S 633995 672616 0.1 2.19 -0.87 3.06 3.07 3.06 0.01 2.36 3.77 3.93 2.18
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW01I UG 634458 673647 -27.7 2.23 -0.35 2.58 2.58 2.52 0.06 2.58 2.58 2.7 2.34
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW01S S 634458 673647 0.3 2.19 1.73 0.46 0.31 0.62 -0.32 0.13 0.48 0.98 0.26
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW08I UG 633285 671659 -13.8 2.04 -0.57 2.61 2.85 2.37 0.48 2.82 2.88 2.54 2.19
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW08S S 633285 671659 -2.6 1.63 -0.98 2.61 3.80 4.71 -0.91 3.75 3.85 5.08 4.34
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW09I UG 631759 670959 -27.0 2.46 0.17 2.29 2.46 2.12 0.34 2.44 2.47 2.39 1.85
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW09S S 631759 670959 2.9 1.71 -0.58 2.29 1.53 1.54 -0.01 1.36 1.7 1.85 1.22
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW10I UG 631573 671266 -28.8 2.68 0.20 2.48 2.51 2.32 0.19 2.48 2.53 2.52 2.11
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW10S S 631573 671266 3.6 3.51 0.30 3.21 3.21 3.76 -0.55 3.21 3.21 0.69 3.76
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW11I UG 631568 670748 -32.0 1.37 -0.98 2.35 2.52 2.18 2.5 2.54 2.43 1.92
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW11S S 631568 670748 1.1 2.62 0.45 2.17 2.10 2.24 2.03 2.17 ‐2.35 2.13
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW17 S 631226 669638 0.4 2.54 0.04 2.5
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW17 UG 631226 669638 -31.5 2.82 0.40 2.42
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW18 S 631153 669308 1.8 2.45 -2.69 5.14
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW18 UG 631153 669308 -43.1 4.59 2.33 2.26
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW19 S 631437 669332 2.1 2.82 -3.82 6.64
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW19 UG 631437 669332 -44.5 5.21 2.80 2.41
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW21I UG 634302 673621 -9.1 2.68 2.18 1.95 2.71 2.19 0.53 2.66 2.76 2.45 1.92
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW21S S 634302 673621 1.9 2.90 2.48 3.33 2.96 3.70 -0.74 2.89 3.03 3.32 4.07
Page 3 of 5 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\Table 3
Table 3
Calibration Data Set
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Measured Averages Measurement Date/Tide Cycle (c)
Model-
Facility Location Strata Easting Northing Center Calculated Calibration Tidally Tidal 5/5/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 7/26/10 9/29/10 5/5/03 7/10/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 8/23/10 10/22/10
Screen Elev. Residual (a) Averaged Static Avg High Tide Avg Low Tide Fluctuation Avg
Heads
GW Elev.(b) High - Low Tide
H H H H H L L L L L L
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW47I UG 631766 670692 -20.8 2.53 0.14 2.39 2.56 2.23 0.33 2.55 2.56 2.51 1.94
Gowanus Canal NYC-MW47S S 631766 670692 4.2 2.75 1.73 1.02 1.12 0.92 0.20 0.62 1.62 1.36 0.48
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW03I UG 634047 673057 -33.4 1.54 -0.58 2.12 2.44 1.81 0.64 2.42 2.46 2.25 1.36
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW03S S 634047 673057 -2.9 1.88 -0.48 2.36 0.00 2.04 2.67 0.65 0.07
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW04I UG 633870 673236 -27.5 2.31 -0.23 2.54 2.66 2.43 0.23 2.69 2.62 2.74 2.12
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW04S S 633870 673236 1.1 3.37 0.03 3.34 3.20 3.48 -0.28 3.16 3.24 ‐ 3 ‐3.95
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW05I UG 633628 672013 -26.2 2.45 0.13 2.32 2.65 1.99 0.66 2.59 2.7 2.42 1.56
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW05S S 633628 672013 -1.7 2.46 -0.07 2.53 2.51 2.56 -0.05 2.42 2.59 2.57 2.55
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW06I UG 633498 672097 -25.1 2.49 0.14 2.35 2.59 2.12 0.48 2.47 2.71 2.44 1.79
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW06S S 633498 672097 -0.6 3.20 -1.10 4.30 4.06 4.54 -0.48 3.82 4.3 4.52 4.55
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW07I UG 633216 671575 -24.4 1.99 -0.51 2.50 2.47 2.53 -0.07 2.48 2.45 2.99 2.07
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW07S S 633216 671575 -0.9 0.98 0.78 0.20 2.18 -1.78 3.96 1.83 2.53 -0.79 -2.77
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW12I UG 631490 670880 -30.3 2.67 0.28 2.39 2.56 2.23 0.33 2.54 2.57 2.46 1.99
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW12S S 631490 670880 3.3 2.40 -0.10 2.5 2.46 2.54 -0.08 2.49 2.43 2.47 2.61
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW13I UG 630820 669229 -47.1 2.17 0.37 1.80 1.95 1.51 0.44 1.31 2.59 1.51 NR
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW13S S 630820 669229 -1.6 2.15 0.18 1.97 1.90 2.10 -0.20 1.79 2.01 2.1 NR
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW15I UG 630055 668535 -49.6 1.38 -0.40 1.78 2.41 0.54 1.87 2.14 2.67 0.54 1.38
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW15S S 630055 668535 -0.1 2.40 1.00 1.40 1.14 1.92 -0.79 0.89 1.38 1.92 1.99
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW16I UG 629985 668982 -49.4 2.05 -0.04 2.09 2.49 1.31 1.18 2.29 2.68 1.31 ‐0.19
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW16S S 629985 668982 -0.9 2.86 0.29 2.57 2.55 2.60 -0.04 2.51 2.59 2.52 ‐2.67
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW20I UG 631986 671026 -30.2 2.23 -0.24 2.47 2.57 2.37 0.20 2.68 2.45 2.34 ‐2.39
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW20S S 631986 671026 -1.7 1.98 0.26 1.72 1.78 1.66 0.12 1.56 2 2 1.32
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW26I UG 633980 671881 -17.7 2.70 0.25 2.45 2.65 2.26 0.40 2.59 2.71 2.51 2
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW26S S 633980 671881 -0.2 2.97 0.61 2.37 2.48 2.26 0.22 2.4 2.55 2.46 2.05
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW27I UG 633954 671949 -22.5 2.64 0.21 2.43 2.63 2.24 0.40 2.55 2.71 2.5 1.97
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW27S S 633954 671949 -3.0 2.99 0.86 2.14 1.81 2.46 0.44 1.30
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW28I UG 633902 672417 -26.3 1.76 -0.52 2.28 2.47 2.10 0.38 2.41 2.53 2.34 1.85
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW28S S 633902 672417 0.2 2.17 -0.23 2.40 1.89 2.91 -1.02 0.59 3.18 ‐3.24 ‐2.57
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW29I UG 633997 672325 -25.3 2.30 0.05 2.25 2.40 2.10 0.30 2.29 2.51 2.45 1.75
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW29S S 633997 672325 1.2 2.99 0.44 2.55 2.16 2.94 -0.79 1.37 2.94 2.77 3.11
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW33I UG 634668 673484 -28.7 2.68 0.21 2.47 2.47 2.47 0.00 2.49 2.45 2.65 2.29
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW33S S 634668 673484 -0.2 2.18 -0.86 3.04 2.97 3.11 -0.14 2.96 2.98 3.12 3.09
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW36I UG 633718 672276 -29.9 2.19 -0.24 2.43 2.79 2.08 0.72 2.63 2.95 2.46 1.69
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW36S S 633718 672276 -2.4 1.53 -0.17 1.70 1.76 1.64 0.13 1.5 2.02 1.74 1.53
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW37I UG 633518 671259 -30.2 2.18 -0.51 2.69 3.06 2.33 0.74 2.98 3.14 2.62 2.03
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW37S S 633518 671259 -5.7 1.73 0.01 1.72 1.56 1.89 -0.33 1.5 1.61 1.92 1.85
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW38I UG 633788 671082 -28.4 2.28 -0.73 3.01 3.21 2.82 0.39 3.15 3.26 3.11 2.53
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW38S S 633788 671082 0.2 1.34 -0.95 2.29 1.68 2.89 -1.21 1.49 1.87 2.79 2.99
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW39I UG 633983 670859 -19.1 3.58 0.50 3.08 3.03 3.13 -0.09 3 3.06 3.28 2.97
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW39S S 633983 670859 2.4 3.82 -1.20 5.02 4.85 5.19 -0.34 4.77 4.93 5.44 4.93
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW42I UG 632315 671008 -28.5 1.90 -0.52 2.42 2.82 2.03 0.80 2.79 2.85 2.36 1.69
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW42S S 632315 671008 -1.0 1.44 -0.72 2.16 1.83 2.48 0.40 2.91
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW43I UG 633691 672247 -29.3 2.28 -0.06 2.34 2.61 2.07 0.54 2.58 2.63 2.5 1.64
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW43S S 633691 672247 -2.3 2.01 -0.38 2.39 1.97 2.82 -0.85 1.74 2.2 ‐3.04 ‐2.59
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW44I UG 631636 670459 -37.3 2.59 0.20 2.40 2.56 2.23 0.33 2.54 2.58 2.51 1.95
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW44S S 631636 670459 -2.8 1.19 -0.18 1.37 1.42 1.32 0.10 1.33 1.5 1.68 0.96
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW45I UG 631766 670642 -33.6 2.54 0.08 2.46 2.65 2.28 0.37 2.63 2.66 2.56 2
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW45S S 631766 670642 -4.1 2.82 1.11 1.71 1.49 1.93 -0.44 1.19 1.79 2.03 1.82
Gowanus Canal EPA-MW46I UG 631739 670581 -46.9 2.57 0.09 2.48 2.65 2.32 0.33 2.64 2.65 2.57 2.06
USGS K19 UG 637066 674100 -49.6 6.87 -1.63 8.5
USGS K3259 UG 635526 673888 -5.7 12.32 -0.68 13
USGS K3301 UG 637079 671874 -2.2 13.77 -3.23 17
Page 4 of 5 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\Table 3
Table 3
Calibration Data Set
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Measured Averages Measurement Date/Tide Cycle (c)
Model-
Facility Location Strata Easting Northing Center Calculated Calibration Tidally Tidal 5/5/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 7/26/10 9/29/10 5/5/03 7/10/03 4/4/05 4/11/05 8/23/10 10/22/10
Screen Elev. Residual (a) Averaged Static Avg High Tide Avg Low Tide Fluctuation Avg
Heads
GW Elev.(b) High - Low Tide
H H H H H L L L L L L
Data Not Used
Tar/NAPL Impacted
Citizens CGMW-06I I 631830 671211 -54.7 -- -- 0.49 0.58 0.41 0.58 NM NM 0.11 0.7 NM NM
Citizens CGMW-08I I 631969 671268 -54.8 -- -- -0.83 -0.61 -0.94 -0.61 NM NM -1.21 -0.68 NM NM
Citizens CGMW-06D D 631830 671211 -108.9 -- -- 1.12 1.28 0.95 0.29 1.69 1.87 0.09 0.69 1.42 1.6
Redundant Location
Citizens CG-MW16 CH1 S 632502 671287 -5.5 -- -- 3.04 3.02 3.07 -0.04 3.12 2.92 3.13 3
Citizens CG-MW19CH7 UG 632366 670896 -108.5 -- -- 3.44 3.45 3.43 0.01 3.59 3.37 3.38 3.66 3.6 3.4 3.07
Citizens CGMW18 I 632393 671912 0.8 -- -- 5.12 4.92 5.32 5.14 5.28 4.8 4.45 5.12 5.33 5.46 5.37
Fulton FW-MW01R S 634320 673253 0.4 -- -- 5.41 5.14 5.67 5.12 5.16 6.26 5.08
Fulton KSF-MW1 S 634313 673257 6.1 -- -- 4.82 4.62 5.03 4.08 5.15 5.25 4.8
USEPA EPA-MW32S S 634955 673200 -- -- 8.77 8.52 9.01 8.62 8.42 8.71 9.31
USEPA EPA-MW31S S 634418 673443 -- -- 4.36 4.36 NR NR NR
Fulton KSF-MW3 S 634463 673079 7.2 -- -- 5.17 5.03 5.24 5.03 5.36 5.11
Fulton KSF-MW4 S 634433 672906 7.2 -- -- 4.95 5.16 4.75 5.07 5.24 5.4 4.09
USEPA EPA-MW30S S 634213 673042 -- -- 4.50 5.02 3.99 4.96 5.07 4.43 3.54
Erratic Readings/Well Screen Plugged
Citizens CG-PZ1S S 632014 671871 12.6 -- -- 21.21 21.20 21.22 -0.02 21.67 20.72 21.12 21.31
Citizens CGMW13 S 631929 671976 -0.7 -- -- 8.87 8.98 8.76 13.4 13.5 5.06 3.94 13.21 13.58 4.48 3.76
Citizens CGMW18 S 632393 671912 -16.2 -- -- 4.01 4.06 3.97 5.16 5.25 2.97 2.84 5.14 5.32 2.89 2.51
Citizens CGMW-16 CH6 UG 632502 671287 -- -- 4.35 4.34 4.36 4.33 4.35 4.21 4.51
Citizens CGMW-14 CH1 S 632110 671854 -- -- 12.78 13 12.45 13.14 12.54
Citizens CGMW-15CH4 UG 631553 671372 -41.7 -- -- 5.19 3.86 6.52 2.03 2.15 9.16 2.09 2.35 2.06 9.03 12.63
Citizens CGMW-15CH5I UG 631553 671372 -51.7 -- -- 2.07 2.06 2.08 2.03 1.97 2.35 1.88 1.96 1.96 2.32 2.06
Footnotes:
a. Calibration residual = calculated - observed heads, where observed head is tidally averaged static groundwater elevation.
b. Calibration data set, represents average of all high tide readings minus average of all low tide readings. Where measurements were not tide-specific or taken on the above dates shown, the average of available data were used in its place.
c. Groundwater elevation measurement in feet relative to the North American Vertical Datum (NAVD) of 1988. H / L indicates measurements taken within 2 hours of high / low tide, respectively.
Page 5 of 5 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\Table 3
Table 4
Mass Balance
Groundwater Model
Gowanus Canal Superfund Site
Brooklyn, New York
Sources (GPM) Sinks (GPM) % Error
Constant
Constant Discharge Total
Recharge Total Into Head Cells Drains Out (sources - sinks)
Water Balance Head Cells to Canal Out of
Into Model Model Out of of Model (d)
Into Model From Model Model
Model
MGD 1.2 4.7 5.2 5.2 1.2 0.004 5.2 0.04%
GPM 680.6 2726 2988 2984 681 2.4 2986 0.04%
Notes:
Flow calculated by Modflow using Mass Balance and Zone Budget.
Units shown in gallons per minute (GPM).
Percent Error shown for difference between model-calculated total flow in and total flow out, for check of numeric mass balance calculation.
GPM = Gallons per minute
MGD = Million gallons per day
Page 1 of 1 H:\WPROC\Project\NationalGrid\Gowanus - Confidential\GW Model Report\Submittal to EPA 12-2011\Tables\
Tables
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Figures
MODEL BOUNDARY
GOWANUS CANAL
NEW YORK
QUADRANGLE LOCATION
SOURCE:
1. TOPO! (c) 2011 NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC
SOCIETY ACCESSED THROUGH ARCGIS GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
ONLINE (http://www.arcgis.com) GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE GROUNDWATER MODEL
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
0 3,500 7,000 LOCATION
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 1-1
J:/Projects/National_Grid/Gowanus/Regional_GW_Model/GW_Model_Location.mxd
5
1
0
5
5
5
MODEL BOUNDARY 0
1
0
1
5
5
15
10
5
5
GOWANUS CANAL
5
5
PARALLEL FLOW
5
LEGEND
LOCATION OF SCHEMATIC 5
CROSS-SECTION (SEE FIG. 2-2)
SOURCE:
1. AERIAL IMAGERY BING MAPS (c) 2011
MICROSOFT CORPORATION ACCESSED GROUNDWATER ELEVATION CONTOUR
THROUGH ARCGIS ONLINE 5 FOR UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
(http://www.arcgis.com) REPORTED BY BUXTON AND SHERNOFF (19957)
2. GROUNDWATER ELEVATION CONTOUR FOR
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER REPORTED BY 5
BUXTON AND SHERNOFF (1997). GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE GROUNDWATER MODEL
0 3,000 6,000 BROOKLYN, NEW YORK LIMITS
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-1
J:/Projects/National_Grid/Gowanus/Regional_GW_Model/GW_Model_Limit.mxd
SITE
SITE
MEASURED 1997 WATER TABLE OF UPPER SIMULATED 1991 POTENTIOMETRIC
GLACIAL AQUIFER [USGS, 1997]. SURFACE OF JAMECO AND UPPER
MAGOTHY AQUIFERS [USGS, 1999].
SOURCES:
USGS, 1997. WATER-TABLE ALTITUDE IN
KINGS AND QUEENS COUNTIES, NEW
YORK, IN MARCH1997, FACT SHEET FS 134-
97, USGS, NOVEMBER 1997.
USGS, 1999. SIMULATION OF GROUND-
WATER FLOW AND PUMPAGEIN KINGS
AND QUEENS COUNTIES, LONG ISLAND,
NEW YORK, WATER-RESOURCES GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT USGS REGIONAL
INVESTIGATIONS REPORT 98-4071, U.S. GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
GROUNDWATER
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
CONTOURS
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-3
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
GOWANUS CREEK
ESTIMATED HISTORICAL EXTENT
OF FORMER WETLANDS
COMPLEX/MARSH DEPOSITS
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE 1766 MAP OF SITE
SOURCE:PLAN OF THE CIT OF NEW YORK, BROOKLYN, NEW YORK VICINITY
IN NORTH AMERICA: SURVEYED IN THE
Consultants
YEARS 1766 & 1767. FADEN AND
FEFFERYS, PRINTER. Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-4
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
23 115 257 460
A’
630
313
100 FT.
160
B B’
SEE INSET
INSET
32 GRID SPACING RELATIVE TO
GOWANUS CANAL
CANAL
C C’
LEGEND
GRID LINES
32 GRID SPACING (FT.)
LOCATION OF CROSS-
SECTION (FIGURE 2-6)
A
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
MODEL GRID
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-5
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
GOWANUS BAY
(2ndAVE. DOCK AREA) CANAL/MARSH DEPOSIT AREA
MODEL BOTTOM (BEDROCK)
A-A’ (west)
NAVY YARD
20:1 VERTICAL
EXAGGERATION
LEGEND
A-A’ (east)
MODEL GRID LINES
FOOTNOTES:
(a) SILT/PEAT MARSH DEPOSITS
INCLUDED IN LAYERS 3 AND 4 WITHIN
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
FOOTPRINT OF FORMER WETLANDS
ONLY. SAND IS MODELED IN THESE GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE MODEL GRID
LAYERS OUTSIDE THE FORMER BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CROSS SECTION A-A’
WETLANDS..
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-6
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
A
ENIL
HCTAM
A
ENIL
HCTAM
A’
GOWANUS CANAL WILLIAMSBURG
LAYER 1 –FILL
LAYERS 2 & 3 –MARSH
NAVY
DEPOSITS / SEDIMENTS YARD
BOERUM
HILL
LAYERS 4 & 5-SAND (UPPER EAST
GLACIAL AQUIFER) B RIVER B’
COBBLE PROSPECT
HILL HILL
LAYER 6 –GARDINERS CLAY(b) C RED HOOK C’
LAYER 7 –JAMECO GRAVEL GOWANUS 2NDAVE
BAY DOCK AREA
A
CROSS SECTION LOCATIONS
BOERUM HILL
LAYER 1 –FILL
0 4,000 8,000
LAYERS 2 & 3 –MARSH
DEPOSITS / SEDIMENTS
SCALE, FEET
LAYERS 4 & 5-SAND (UPPER
GLACIAL AQUIFER)
LAYER 6 –GARDINERS CLAY(b)
LAYER 7 –JAMECO GRAVEL
MODEL BOTTOM (BEDROCK)
EAST RIVER COBBLE HILL CANAL PROSPECT HILL
A’
(DEGRAW ST.)
WILLIAMSBURG
LAYER 1 –FILL
LAYERS 2 & 3 –MARSH
NAVY
DEPOSITS / SEDIMENTS YARD
BOERUM
HILL
LAYERS 4 & 5-SAND EAST
RIVER
(UPPER GLACIAL B B’
AQUIFER)
COBBLE
HILL
PROSPECT
RED HOOK HILL
C C’
LAYER 6 –GARDINERS
CLAY(b) GOWANUS 2NDAVE
BAY DOCK AREA
LAYER 7 –JAMECO A
GRAVEL
CROSS SECTION LOCATIONS
B-B’
EAST RIVER RED HOOK CANAL PROSPECT HILL
(BAY ST.)
LAYER 1 –FILL
LAYERS 2 & 3 –MARSH
DEPOSITS / SEDIMENTS
LAYERS 4 & 5-SAND
(UPPER GLACIAL
AQUIFER)
LAYER 6 –GARDINERS
CLAY(b)
MODEL BOTTOM: (BEDROCK SURFACE)
LAYER 7 –JAMECO
GRAVEL 0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
C-C’
20:1 VERTICAL
FOOTNOTES: EXAGGERATION
(a) SILT/PEAT MARSH DEPOSITS INCLUDED IN
LAYERS 3 AND 4 WITHIN FOOTPRINT OF
FORMER WETLANDS ONLY. SAND IS MODELED GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT MODEL GRID
IN THESE LAYERS OUTSIDE THE FORMER
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
WETLANDS. CROSS SECTIONS B-B’
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
(b) GARDINERS CLAY IS MODELED IN LAYER 7 AND C-C’
EXCEPT IN AREAS WHERE GARDINERS CLAY IS Consultants
MODELED TO BE ABSENT; SAND IS MODELED IN
LAYER 7 WHERE CLAY IS ABSENT. Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-7
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
NAVY YARD BASIN
DRAINAGE
CONSTANT HEAD
NETWORK = 1.0
BOUNDARY
DRAIN BOUNDARY
INACTIVE (NO-FLOW) CELL
DEGRAW STREET
UTILITIES = 4.0
FOOTNOTES:
(a) SOUTHEAST CONSTANT HEAD BOUNDARY
(CHB) ISCONTINUOUS ALONG MODEL LIMITS
FROM ELEV. 1 (WEST END) TO ELEV. 8
(EAST END).
(b) CHB ELEVATIONS ARE RELATIVE TO NAVD
88. MEAN SEA LEVEL IS 0.22 FT. BELOW 0
NAVD 88.
CANAL/SURFACE SOUTHEAST UPLAND LINEAR CHB = 0 3,000 6,000
WATER CHB = 1 TO 8 NAVD(a) (UPPER GLACIAL
-0.22(b) AQUIFER) SCALE, FEET
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE SHALLOW CONSTANT HEAD
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK AND DRAIN BOUNDARIES
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-8
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
NORTHERN CONSTANT HEAD
BOUNDARY = 8.0 BOUNDARY
INACTIVE (NO-FLOW) CELL
NOTE:
(a) CONSTANT HEAD BOUNDARY
ELEVATIONS ARE RELATIVE TO NAVD
88. MEAN SEA LEVEL IS 0.22 FT.
BELOW 0 NAVD 88.
SOUTHERN
BOUNDARY = 5.0
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE JAMECO GRAVEL CONSTANT
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK HEAD BOUNDARIES
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-9
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
AREAL RECHARGE RATES
COMMERCIAL/INDUSTRIAL 4
INCHES/YEAR (a)
RESIDENTIAL
7 INCHES/YEAR
UNDEVELOPED
9 INCHES/YEAR
PARKS
10 INCHES/YEAR
INACTIVE (NO-FLOW) CELLS
FOOTNOTE:
(a) COMMERCIAL/INDUSTRIAL RECHARGE
USED AS DEFAULT OVER SURFACE WATER.
APPLIED RECHARGE OVER SURFACE
WATER DOES NOT AFFECT MODEL.
GOWANUS CANAL
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE RECHARGE
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK BOUNDARIES
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-10
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HIGH HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY IN
CANAL CELLS (500 FT.DAY) ALLOWS
UNINHIBITED FLOW TO CANAL HEAD BULKHEAD (HORIZONTAL
BOUNDARY CELLS. GROUNDWATER FLOW BOUNDARY) LIMITS
ENTERING CHB CELLS EXITS THE HORIZONTAL FLOW TO
MODEL. HEAD BOUNDARY MUST BE AT CANAL SCHEMATIC WATER
OR BELOW HEAD ELEVATION (ZERO TABLE SURFACE FOR:
NAVD) IN MODEL)
LOW-CONDUCTIVITY
GROUND SURFACE BULKHEAD(a)
HIGH-CONDUCTIVITY
FILL (LAYER 1) CANAL BULKHEAD(a)
CELLS
MEAN SEA LEVEL
MARSH DEPOSITS (LAYER 2)
MARSH DEPOSITS (LAYER 3) SEDIMENT
CELLS
(LAYER 3)
LEGEND
CONSTANT HEAD
UPPER GLACIAL
BOUNDARY
AQUIFER(LAYER 4)
NOTE: SEDIMENT THICKNESS SHOWN
REPRESENTS SOFT SEDIMENTS AND
WALL BOUNDARY
UNDERLYING NATIVE MARSH DEPOSITS
(WHERE PRESENT). SEDIMENT
CONDUCTIVITY AND LAYER 3 TRANSVERSE CROSS-
THICKNESS BENEATH CANAL SECTION ACROSS CANAL MODEL LAYER
REPRESENT NET CONDUCTANCE OF
SEDIMENTS AND MARSH DEPOSITS.
GROUNDWATER FLOW
(a) SCHEMATIC WATER TABLE DIRECTION
REPRESENTS CONDITIONS WHERE
GROUNDWATER IS PERCHED ABOVE
MARSH DEPOSIT AQUITARD.
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CANAL/BULKHEAD
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK DETAIL
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-11
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
MODELED BULKHEAD HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY
(FT./DAY)
1 –10
0.1 –1.0
0.01 –0.1
0.001 –0.01
NOTE: MODELED BULKHEAD THICKNESS = 1.0 FT.
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
GROUNDWATER MODEL
BULKHEAD
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CONDUCTIVITY
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-12
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
FILL OR SHALLOW NATIVE SAND K = 10,
H
K = 0.1
V
UPPER GLACIAL-NORTH TILL SUBUNIT
(K = 1.0, K = 0.05)
H V
OPEN WATER (K = K = 500)
H V
LOCALIZED AREAS OF VARIOUS
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITIES
(HETEROGENOUS FILL OR NATIVE SOIL)
FILL 2 K = 35, K = 3.5
H V
FILL 3 K = 0.5, K = 0.05
H V
FILL 4 K = 0.1, K = 0.01
H V
FILL 5 K = 2.0, K = 0.2
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 1
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-13
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
FILL 1 (FILL OR SHALLOW NATIVE SAND, OR
DISCONTINUITY IN MARSH DEPOSITS) K =
H
10, K = 0.1
V
FILL HETEROGENEITY; MARSH DEPOSITS
ABSENT, K = 35, K = 3.5
H V
MARSH DEPOSITS (K = 0.01, K = 0.0008)
H V
UPPER GLACIAL-NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K =
H
1.0, K = 0.05)
V
OPEN WATER (K = K = 500)
H V
MARSH DEPOSIT HETEROGENEITIES
MARSH 2 K = 0.01, K = 0.0001
H V
MARSH 3 K = 0.1, K = 0.01
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 2
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-14
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
SEDIMENT 1 K = 0.1
SEDIMENT 2 K = 0.01
SEDIMENT 3 K = 4
SEDIMENT 3 K = 0.5
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
UPPER GLACIAL-NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K
H
= 1.0, K = 0.05)
V
MARSH DEPOSITS (K = 0.01, K = 0.0008)
H V
MARSH 3 K = 0.1, K = 0.01
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 3
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-15
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
SEDIMENT 1 K = 0.1
SEDIMENT 2 K = 0.01
SEDIMENT 3 K = 4
SEDIMENT 3 K = 0.5
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
UPPER GLACIAL-NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K
H
= 1.0, K = 0.05)
V
MARSH DEPOSITS (K = 0.01, K = 0.0008)
H V
MARSH 3 K = 0.1, K = 0.01
H V
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT HYDRAULIC
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 3
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V (CANAL DETAIL)
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-16
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
UPPER GLACIAL TILL SUBUNITS
UPPER GLACIAL-NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K = 1.0, K = 0.05)
H V
UPPER GLACIAL -SOUTH TILL SUBUNIT K = 5.0, K = 0.1
H V
UPPER GLACIAL SAND 2 (K = 40, K = 40)
H V
UPPER GLACIAL SAND 3 (K =0.5, K = 0.05)
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 4
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-17
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
UPPER GLACIAL TILL SUBUNITS
UPPER GLACIAL-NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K = 1.0, K = 0.05)
H V
UPPER GLACIAL -SOUTH TILL SUBUNIT K = 5.0, K = 0.1
H V
UPPER GLACIAL SAND 2 (K = 40, K = 40)
H V
UPPER GLACIAL SAND 3 (K =0.5, K = 0.05)
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 5
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-18
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
GARDINERS CLAY (K =0.008, K = 0.008)
H V
GARDINERS CLAY SAND FRINGE (K =2, K = 0.2)
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 6
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-19
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
INACTIVE
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
GARDINERS
CLAY CONTACT
WITH BEDROCK GARDINERS CLAY (K H = 0.008, K V = 0.008)
GARDINERS CLAY SAND FRINGE (K =2, K = 0.2)
H V
JAMECO GRAVEL JAMECO GRAVEL (K = K = 300)
H V
0 3,000 6,000
SCALE, FEET
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
K H = HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY LAYER 7
K = VERTICAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
V
Consultants
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY VALUES ARE IN FEET
PER DAY (FT./DAY) Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-20
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
WESTERN MODEL LIMIT
SOUTHERN
MODEL LIMIT
EAST RIVER
GOWANUS
RED HOOK
BAY COBBLE HILL
CANAL
GARDINERS CLAY
GARDINERS CLAY
UPPER GLACIAL
(SAND FRINGE)
AQUIFER JAMECO GRAVEL
BEDROCK SURFACE
(FORDHAM GNEISS)
20:1 VERTICAL
CUT-AWAY VIEW (LOOKING WEST)
EXAGGERATION
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
CUT-AWAY VIEW ALONG
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CANAL
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-21
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
CANAL/MARSH
GOWANUS BAY
(2ndAVE. DOCK AREA) DEPOSITS
NAVY YARD
A-A’ (EAST)
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
HYDRAULIC
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
CONDUCTIVITY
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
20:1 VERTICAL CROSS SECTION A-A’
Consultants
EXAGGERATION
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-22
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
A
ENIL
HCTAM
A
ENIL
HCTAM
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
FILL OR SHALLOW NATIVE SAND (K = 10,
H
K = 0.1)
V
OPEN WATER (K = K = 500)
H V
MARSH DEPOSITS (K = 0.01, K = 0.0008) H V
SEDIMENT 1 K = 0.1
SEDIMENT 2 K = 0.01
SEDIMENT 3 K = 4
SEDIMENT 3 K = 0.5
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
A-A’ (WEST) NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K = 1.0, K = 0.05)
H V
SOUTH TILL SUBUNIT K = 5.0, K = 0.1
H V
BOERUM HILL GARDINERS CLAY (K H =0.008, K V = 0.008)
GARDINERS CLAY SAND FRINGE (K =2,
H
K = 0.2)
V
JAMECO GRAVEL (K = K = 300)
H V
A’
WILLIAMSBURG
NAVY
YARD
BOERUM
HILL EAST
B RIVER B’
COBBLE
HILL
PROSPECT
C H R O E O D K HILL C’
GOWANUS 2NDAVE
BAY DOCK
AREA
A
0 2,000 4,000 CROSS SECTION LOCATIONS
SCALE, FEET
HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY ZONES
EAST RIVER COBBLE HILL CANAL PROSPECT HILL
(DEGRAW ST.)
FILL OR SHALLOW NATIVE SAND (K = 10,
H
K = 0.1)
V
OPEN WATER (K = K = 500)
H V
MARSH DEPOSITS (K = 0.01, K = 0.0008)
H V
SEDIMENT 1 K = 0.1
SEDIMENT 2 K = 0.01
SEDIMENT 3 K = 4
SEDIMENT 3 K = 0.5
UPPER GLACIAL SAND (KH = 40, KV = 4)
NORTH TILL SUBUNIT (K = 1.0, K = 0.05)
H V
B-B’
SOUTH TILL SUBUNIT K = 5.0, K = 0.1
H V
CANAL GARDINERS CLAY (K =0.008, K = 0.008)
H V
EAST RIVER RED HOOK (BAY ST.) PROSPECT HILL
GARDINERS CLAY SAND FRINGE (K =2,
H
K = 0.2)
V
JAMECO GRAVEL (K = K = 300)
H V
A’
WILLIAMSBURG
NAVY
YARD
BOERUM
HILL
EAST
B RIVER B’
COBBLE
HILL
C H R O E O D K PRO H S IL P L ECT C’
GOWANUS 2NDAVE
C-C’ BAY DOCK
AREA
A
CROSS SECTION LOCATIONS
0 3,000 6,000 GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT HYDRAULIC
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CONDUCTIVITY
SCALE, FEET BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CROSS SECTIONS B-B’
Consultants AND C-C’
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 2-23
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
CALIBRATION POINT BY MODEL LAYER
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CALIBRATION CURVE –
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK ALL LAYERS
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 3-1
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
CALIBRATION POINT BY LAYER
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT CALIBRATION CURVE –
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
(LAYERS 4 AND 5)
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 3-2
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
CALIBRATION POINT BY
LAYER
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
CALIBRATION CURVE –
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
JAMECO GRAVEL
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
(LAYERS 6 AND 7)
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 3-3
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
A-A’ (NORTH)
GOWANUS BAY CANAL/MARSH DEPOSIT AREA
(2ndAVE. DOCK AREA)
A-A’ (SOUTH)
20:1 VERTICAL
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
EXAGGERATION POTENTIOMETRIC
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
CONTOURS
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
CROSS SECTION A-A’
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 3-4
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
A
ENIL
HCTAM
A
ENIL
HCTAM
BOERUM HILL NAVY YARD WILLIAMSBURG
A’
WILLIAMSBURG
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
NAVY
YARD
BOERUM
HILL
EAST
GARDINERS CLAY RIVER
B B’
JAMECO GRAVEL CO H B IL B L LE PRO H S IL P L ECT
C RED HOOK C’
BEDROCK
GOWANUS 2NDAVE
BAY DOCK AREA
A
CROSS SECTION LOCATIONS
LEGEND
MODELCALCULATED
POTENTIOMETRIC CONTOUR (FT.
NAVD 88)
MODEL LAYER
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SURFACE WATER / CONSTANT-HEAD
CELLS
GARDINERS CLAY
GROUNDWATER FLOW DIRECTION
JAMECO GRAVEL
BEDROCK
.TS
TNAYRB .TS
YAB
NISAB
.TS
.HT7
NISAB
.TS
.HT6
.TS
DNOB
/NOINU
.TS
LLORRAC
CANAL
EAST RIVER COBBLE HILL (DEGRAW ST.) PROSPECT HILL LEGEND
MODELCALCULATED
POTENTIOMETRIC CONTOUR (FT.
NAVD 88)
MODEL LAYER
SURFACE WATER / CONSTANT-HEAD
CELLS
GROUNDWATER FLOW DIRECTION
B-B’
EAST RIVER RED HOOK CANAL PROSPECT HILL
(BAY ST.)
A’
WILLIAMSBURG
NAVY
YARD
BOERUM
HILL
EAST
RIVER
B B’
COBBLE PROSPECT
HILL HILL
C RED HOOK C’
GOWANUS 2NDAVE
BAY DOCK AREA
A
CROSS SECTION LOCATIONS
C-C’
POTENTIOMETRIC
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CONTOURS
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CROSS SECTIONS B-B’
Consultants AND C-C’
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 3-5
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
NOTES:
HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY SHOWN,
EXCEPT FOR SEDIMENTS, MARSH DEPOSITS, AND
GARDINERS CLAY, WHERE VERTICAL HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY SHOWN.
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
HORIZONTAL AND VERTICAL CONDUCTIVITIES ADJUSTED SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
BY SAME PROPORTIONS IN SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS. GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
HYDRAULIC
NORMALIZED RMS = NORMALIZED ROOT MEAN SQUARE BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
ERROR OF CALIBRATION RESIDUAL (CALCULATED - CONDUCTIVITY 1
OBSERVED HEADS). Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 4-1
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
NOTES:
HORIZONTAL HYDRAULIC CONDUCTIVITY SHOWN,
EXCEPT FOR SEDIMENTS, MARSH DEPOSITS, AND
GARDINERS CLAY, WHERE VERTICAL HYDRAULIC
CONDUCTIVITY SHOWN. GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
HORIZONTAL AND VERTICAL CONDUCTIVITIES ADJUSTED HYDRAULIC
BY SAME PROPORTIONS IN SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS. BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
CONDUCTIVITY 2
NORMALIZED RMS = NORMALIZED ROOT MEAN SQUARE Consultants
ERROR OF CALIBRATION RESIDUAL (CALCULATED -
OBSERVED HEADS). Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 4-2
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
NOTE: GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
NORMALIZED RMS% = NORMALIZED ROOT MEAN
SQUARE ERROR OF CALIBRATION RESIDUAL BROOKLYN, NEW YORK AREAL RECHARGE
(CALCULATED -OBSERVED HEADS).
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 4-3
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
K 1305 K 1160
400 350
K 881 134-163 135-155
650
K 1288
115-140
125
79-92 K 249
K 912 300
69 K 1102 87-101
71-83 485
K 457 74-94
235 K 276
35-55 600 K 917
69-94 107
90-106
K 1190
K 615
512 K 930
69
44-64 300
125-140
154-180
K 1069
69K 638 K 1332
41-5169 300
160-175 160-168
K 916
K 920 69
69 150-162
K 531
142-164 K 1338
2255 710 K 1329 K 1331
290-350 150-190 700 790
122-162 105-145
K 922
K 1189 K 167 500
450 750 129-150
K 1287
123-144
69
K 1012 K 1148
153-161
200 540
142-157 129-150
K 245
260
145-170
K 244
225
99-114
LEGEND
SOURCE:
1. AERIAL IMAGERY BING MAPS (c) 2011
K 638 - USGS WELL ID
MICROSOFT CORPORATION ACCESSED
THROUGH ARCGIS ONLINE 69 - REPORTED YIELD (GPM)
(http://www.arcgis.com) 160-175 - SCREEN DEPTH
2. WELL YIELD DATA OBTAINED FROM USGS
AS ORIGINALLY REPORTED BY NYSDEC
(1937); NYSDEC (1944). GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE HISTORIC REPORTED
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
0 3,500 7,000 WELL YIELDS
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 5-1
Path: J:\Projects\National_Grid\Gowanus\regional_GW_model\Well_Yield.mxd
100
90
80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
NOTES:
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
HISTORIC
PRCP = ANNUAL PRECIPITATION GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
PRECIP > 0.1 IN. = NUMBER OF DAYS IN YEAR BROOKLYN, NEW YORK PRECIPITATION
THAT PRECIPITATION EXCEEDED 0.1 INCH.
SNOW = ANNUAL SNOWFALL Consultants
AVG = AVERAGE OVER YEARS SHOWN
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 5-2
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
)DNEGEL
EES(
SYAD
RO
SEHCNI
1954 1956 1958 1960 1962 1964 1966 1968 1970 1972 1974 1976 1978 1980 1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014
HISTORIC ANNUAL PRECIPITATION, LAGUARDIA AIRPORT
LEGEND
PRCP (IN.)
SNOW (IN.)
PRCP > 0.1 IN. (DAYS)
AVG PRCP (IN.)
AVG SNOW (IN.)
AVG PRCP > 0.1 IN. (DAYS)
YEAR PERIOD OF LOWER
WATER TABLE
REPORTED BY USGS
1
LEGEND
2
2 CANAL SEGMENT FOR BASE FLOW
CALCULATION
3
MODEL-CALCULATED BASE FLOW TO CANAL
4
5
6
BASE FLOW CALCULATED USING MODFLOW ZONE
BUDGET
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NOTE: GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CALCULATED BASE
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK FLOW
GPM = GALLONS PER MINUTE
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 6-1
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
MODEL-CALCULATED
GROUNDWATER CONTOUR (FT. NAVD)
GROUNDWATER FLOW DIRECTION
DOWNWARD PARTICLE FLOW PATH
(10-YR TICK SPACING)
UPWARD PARTICLE FLOW PATH
(10-YR TICK SPACING)
APPROXIMATE UPPER GLACIAL AREA
OF GROUNDWATER CONTRIBUTION
DISCHARGING TO GOWANUS CANAL
1,870 Ac.
(2.8 sq. mi.) 0 1,500 3,000
SCALE, FEET
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
PARTICLE FLOW PATHS
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
– UPPER GLACIAL
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
AQUIFER
Consultants
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure 6-2
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflowmodel\Report\Figures.pptx
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
NATIONAL GRID
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
DECEMBER 2011
Appendix A
Model Calibration and Validation
JAMECO AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -139 FT. NGVD UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
29 SCRN ELEV. -16FT. NGVD 29
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -30 FT. NGVD
29
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -20 FT. NGVD 29
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -7FT. NGVD 29
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -10FT. NGVD 29
LLOYD AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -298FT. NGVD 29
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. 0 FT. NGVD 29
UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER
SCRN ELEV. -18 FT. NGVD 29
DATUM CONVERSION:
NGVD 1929 ELEV. (FT.) –
1.08 FT. = NAVD 1988
ELEV. (FT.)
K3430
SCRN - MAGOTHY AQUIFER
39 S 29 C RN ELEV. -303 FT. NGVD
WL 11
FW-MW20
NYC-MW01 2.09
NYC-MW21 0.46 FW-MW19
5.13 EPA-MW33 7.08
FW-MW10 3.04
1.15 FW-MW09
KF-MW2 2.5
EPA-MW04 2.17
FW-MW17 FW-MW16
3.34 MW 1 - . 3 7 4 7 1.97 FW-MW03R KF- 6 M .3 W 1 6 5.56 FW-MW07
FW-MW01 2.2 KF-MW7 FW-MW06 FW-MW14
EPA-MW03 1.29 2.48 5.215.5FW-MW13
2.36 FW-M 1 W .8 0 1 2 FW 1 - . M 79 W03 FW-MW 4 5 . R 07 2.1 7.88
FW-MW04R FW-MW05 FW-MW12
FW-MW18 1.78 FW-MW04 3.82 4.88
2.37
3.47
MW-35
3.06
EPA-MW28
2.4
EPA-MW36 EPA-MW29
EPA-MW43 1.7 2.55
2.39
CGMW-05 EPA-MW06
CGMW-01 CG
8
M
.8
W
7
13 2.41 CG
5
M
.4
W
7
-26 4.3EPA-MW05
2.47 CG-PZ05 EPA-MW27
CGPZ-04 2.49 CGMW27 2.53 2.14
CGMW-1 7 7 .9 CG C - G P 8 Z - . P 0 0 Z 8 3 2 9.71 CGMW C 1 G 0 1 2 M .1 W 4 -14 CGM 3 W .6 1 6 8 6.6 2 C 8 .4 G 8 MW12 MW 1 -2 .6 5 7 2 E . P 3 A 7 -MW26
CG 2 M .5 W 8 23 C 8 G .6 M 6 2 . W 71 37C 6 G . M 72 W35CG 7 1 M .7 0 W 4 .4 - 1 03 CG 1. M 73 W09 CG 4 M .5 W 7 -04 C 2 G .2 M 5 W-11 2 N . Y 61 C-MW08
CGMW38 CGPZ06 CGMW-07 EPA-MW70
CGMW1 7 5 .23 CGMW C 36 GM 4. W 2 -34 CGMW 2 -1 .2 0 3 -0.22 2.18
6.49 6.42 CG-PZ 6. 4 0 2 7 7.12 CGMW-16 EPA-MW37
NYC-MW10 CGMW-40 GC-MW23 3.04
3.21 0.96 CG-MW08 1.21 1.72
CGMW39 CG-MW06 -0.22 MW-24 EPA-MW38
4.97 NYC-M 3 W .27 09 EPA 1 -M .7 W 2 20 EPA-MW42 2.62 2.29
EPA-MW12 2.29 CG 1. M 01 W22 2.1 C 6 GMW19 EPA-MW39
2.5 1.66 CGMW29 5.02
CGMW32
NYC-MW11 NYC-MW47
2.17 3.34 3.76
1.02
EPA-MW45 1.71
EPA-MW44
1.37
MT-MW9
0.79
MT-MW4
MT-MW8
1.83
2.99
MT-MW5
MT-MW3
2.29
MT-MW6 5.77 MT-MW1
NYC-MW17 4.07 8.17
4.96
2.5 MT-MW7
MW-14
2.82
GC-MW41 NYC-MW18 NYC-MW19
4.4 GC-MW40 EPA-MW13 5.14 6.64
1.97
2.92
EPA-MW16
2.57
EPA-MW15
1.4
LEGEND
FW-MW01 CALIBRATION POINT
GROUNDWATER ELEVATION
2.61 USED FOR CALIBRATION
SOURCE: (NAVD 88)
1. AERIAL IMAGERY BING MAPS (c) 2011
MICROSOFT CORPORATION ACCESSED GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
THROUGH ARCGIS ONLINE GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CALIBRATION POINTS
(http://www.arcgis.com)
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
SHALLOW
0 600 1,200
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-2
Path: J:\Projects\National_Grid\Gowanus\regional_GW_model\Calibration_Shallow.mxd
K3259
13
NYC-MW01I
NYC-MW021I
2.58
1.95
GC-MW31I
EPA-MW33I
2.23 2.47
EPA-MW04I
GC-MW32I EPA-MW32I
2.54
GC-MW34I 3 6
2.13
EPA-MW03I GC-MW30I
2.12 1.88
GC-MW35I
2.43
EPA-MW28I
2.28
EPA-MW36I EPA-MW29I
2.43 2.25
EPA-MW43I
EPA-MW06I 2.34
CGMW-01I CGMW-05I 2.35 EPA-MW05I
2.24 2.15 EPA-MW27I
CGMW-14 CGMW-18CH7 2.32
CG-PZ1I CH4 2.87 GC-MW25I 2.43
2.77 EPA-MW26I
CG-PZ2I 2.56 CGMW-04I 2.44 2.45
CGMW-17CH4 2.05 1.66
2.33 NYC-MW08I
CGMW-03I CGMW02
1.69 1.88 CGMW-07I EPA-MW07I 2.61
CGMW-42 CGMW-34I 1.98 2.5
CGMW15 2.56 2.24
CGMW-16
2.93
CGMW-43
C
3
G
.2
M
2
W-40D CH42.21
EPA-MW37I
2.51 CGMW-41 GC-MW23I
NYC-MW10I 2.17 1 2.69
2.48 GC-MW24I EPA-MW38I
EPA-MW20I
NYC-MW09I 2.47 EPA-MW42I 2.46 3.01
2.42
EPA-MW12I 2.29 CGMW-22CH4 EPA-MW39I
2.39 CGMW-19CH4I
1.91
NYC-MW11I 2.59 3.08
2.35 NYC-MW47I
EPA-MW45I 2.39
2.46
EPA-MW46I
2.48
EPA-MW44I
2.4
MT-MW9I
2.74
MT-MW4I
2.45 MT-MW8I
2.59
MT-MW5I
MT-MW3I
2.52
4.17
MT-MW6I MT-MW1I
2.72
NYC-MW17 MT-MW7I 5.15
1.98
2.42
GC-MW14I
2.31
GC-MW41I NYC-MW18
NYC-MW19
1.65 GC-MW40I 2.26 2.41
EPA-MW13I
1.36 1.8
EPA-MW16I
2.09
EPA-MW15I
1.78
LEGEND
FW-MW01 CALIBRATION POINT
GROUNDWATER ELEVATION
2.61 USED FOR CALIBRATION
SOURCE: (NAVD 88)
1. AERIAL IMAGERY BING MAPS (c) 2011
MICROSOFT CORPORATION ACCESSED GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
CALIBRATION POINTS
THROUGH ARCGIS ONLINE GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
(http://www.arcgis.com) UPPER GLACIAL
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
0 600 1,200 AQUIFER
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-3
Path: J:\Projects\National_Grid\Gowanus\regional_GW_model\Calibration_UG.mxd
FW-MW23D2
3.89
GC-MW30D2
2.88
CGMW-14
CH7
2.71
CGMW-17CH7
CGMW02
4.07 2.21
3.3
CGMW-03D
CGMW-15CH7
3.16
MT-MW4D2
3.2
GC-MW40D2
4.14
LEGEND
FW-MW01 CALIBRATION POINT
GROUNDWATER ELEVATION
2.61 USED FOR CALIBRATION
SOURCE: (NAVD 88)
1. AERIAL IMAGERY BING MAPS (c) 2011
MICROSOFT CORPORATION ACCESSED GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
THROUGH ARCGIS ONLINE GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE CALIBRATION POINTS
(http://www.arcgis.com)
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK JAMECO GRAVEL
0 600 1,200
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-4
Path: J:\Projects\National_Grid\Gowanus\regional_GW_model\calibration_jameco.mxd
MODEL BOUNDARY
GOWANUS CANAL
K 1305
K 1160
K 881 K 1051
K 1313
KK 11228888
K 1340
K 249
K 271
K 261 K 260 K 256
K 276
K 1102 K 935 K 1302
K 1073
K 117 K 943 K 269
K 457 K 937
K 290
K 18
FULTON FORMER
K 1190 K 1192 MGP SITE
K 873
K 615
K 3301
K 930
K 1069
K 917
K 1091
K 931
KK 6133832
K 920
K 916
K 1010
CITIZENS FORMER
K 907
MGP SITE
METROPOLITAN K 531 K 1338 K 1339
FORMER MGP SITE
K 1352
K 1189 K 167 K 922
K 1046
K 1012
K 1148 K 1355
K 1287
K 245
K 244
LEGEND
USGS BORING
LOCATION
SOURCE: FORMER MGP SITE
1. AERIALIMAGERY BING MAPS (c) 2011 MICROSOFT
BOUNDARY
CORPORATION, ACCESSED THROUGH ARCGIS
ONLINE (http://www.arcgis.com)
2. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY AND NEW
YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF CONSERVATION,
RECORD OF WELLS IN KINGS COUNTY, N. Y. GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE REGIONAL SOIL BORING
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK
0 3,500 7,000 DATA POINTS
CCoonnssuullttaannttss
SCALE, FEET Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-5
J:/Projects/National_Grid/Gowanus/Regional_GW_Model/Regional_SB_DataPoints.mxd
LEGEND
MODEL-CALCULATED
1.0 GROUNDWATER ELEVATION
CONTOUR (FT.)
GROUNDWATER CONTOURS
1.0 BASED ON TIDALLY-AVERAGED
OBSERVED GROUNDWATER
ELEVATIONS
APPROXIMATE EXTENT OF MARSH
DEPOSITS
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
QUALITATIVE
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CALIBRATION –
©2001 National Geographic
Consultants SHALLOW NORTH
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-6
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
MODEL-CALCULATED
1.0 GROUNDWATER ELEVATION
CONTOUR (FT.)
GROUNDWATER CONTOURS
1.0 BASED ON TIDALLY-AVERAGED
OBSERVED GROUNDWATER
ELEVATIONS
APPROXIMATE EXTENT OF MARSH
DEPOSITS
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
QUALITATIVE
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CALIBRATION –
©2001 National Geographic
Consultants SHALLOW CENTRAL
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-7
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
MODEL-CALCULATED
1.0 GROUNDWATER ELEVATION
CONTOUR (FT.)
GROUNDWATER CONTOURS
1.0 BASED ON TIDALLY-AVERAGED
OBSERVED GROUNDWATER
ELEVATIONS
APPROXIMATE EXTENT OF MARSH
DEPOSITS
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
QUALITATIVE
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CALIBRATION –
©2001 National Geographic
Consultants SHALLOW SOUTH
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-8
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx
LEGEND
1.0 MODEL-CALCULATED GROUNDWATER ELEVATION CONTOUR
(FT.)
GROUNDWATER CONTOURS BASED ON TIDALLY-AVERAGED
1.0 OBSERVED GROUNDWATER ELEVATIONS (ELEV. 2 AND 3
CONTOURS) AND AS REPORTED BY BUXTON AND
SHERNOFF (1997) (ELEV. 5 AND 10 CONTOURS).
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
QUALITATIVE
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CALIBRATION – UPPER
©2001 National Geographic GLACIAL AQUIFER
Consultants
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-9
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx
8
UPPER GLACIAL JAMECO
AQUIFER GRAVEL
5
LEGEND
NOTE: MODEL-CALCULATED FLOW IS MORE EASTERLY THAN THE FLOW DIRECTION
MODEL-CALCULATED GROUNDWATER INFERRED FROM USGS CONTOURS. VARIANCE IS DUE TO PRESENCE OF
1.0 ELEVATION CONTOUR (FT.) DISCHARGE ZONEs ALONG WESTERN EXTENTOF GARDINER’S CLAY.
GROUNDWATER CONTOURS INFERRED
1.0
FROM USGS (1999)
WESTERN LIMIT OF JAMECO GRAVEL IN
MODEL
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
QUALITATIVE
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK CALIBRATION – JAMECO
©2001 National Geographic GRAVEL
Consultants
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-10
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx
125
K1288
650
K881
600
K276
69
482
K912
K1102
107
K917
300
K930
235
K457
69
K920
69
69 K916
K638
512 300
K1130 K1332
69
K1069
LEGEND
69 REPORTED WELL YIELD (GPM) / USGS WELL ID
K705
1.0 MODEL-CALCULATED GROUNDWATER ELEVATION CONTOUR (FT.)
1.0 DRAWDOWN CONTOURS FOR 1951 REPORTED BY CARTWRIGHT (2002)
NOTE: REPORTED HISTORIC GROUNDWATER CONTOURS REPRESENT PERIOD OF EXTENSIVE PUMPING
OF UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER. MODEL-CALCULATED CONTOURS IN RED SHOW DRAWDOWN FOR A
SMALL SUBSET OF HISTORIC PUMPING WELLS. A SIGNIFICANTLY GREATER AMOUNT OF PUMPING WAS
OCCURRING NORTH OF THE MODEL, AND ACROSS KINGS AND QUEENS COUNTIES, THAT RESULTED IN
THE HISTORIC CONTOURS SHOWN. THESE RESULTS SUPPORT MODEL VALIDATION, BECAUSE
CALCULATED WATER TABLE BASED ON THE PUMPING WELLS SHOWN ABOVE DOES NOT EXCEED THE
REGIONAL DRAWDOWN BASED ON PUMPING FROM A GREATER NUMBER OF WELLS.
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
MODEL VALIDATION
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK RESULTS – PARTIAL
©2001 National Geographic HISTORIC PUMPING
Consultants
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-11
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx
K3483
(2.5)
K3482
(1.5)
K3276
(0.5)
K3301
(2.0)
LEGEND
K3301 (2.0)
USGS WELL LOCATION / OBSERVED DRAWDOWN (FT.)
1.0
MODEL-CALCULATED DRAWDOWN (FT.)
NOTE: DRAWDOWN CONTOURS REPRESENT UPPER GLACIAL AQUIFER RESPONSE TO MILD
DROUGHT 1999-2002. RESULTS SHOWN ABOVE SUPPORT MODEL VALIDATION BECAUSE
CALCULATED DRAWDOWN GENERALLY MATCHES OBSERVED DRAWDOWN.
GROUNDWATER MODEL REPORT
MODEL VALIDATION
GOWANUS CANAL SUPERFUND SITE
SOURCE: Map created with TOPO! ® BROOKLYN, NEW YORK RESULTS – REDUCED
©2001 National Geographic RECHARGE
Consultants
(www.nationalgeographic.com/topo)
Project 093010-5-1506 December 2011 Figure A-12
H:\TECH\project\Regional Modflow model\Report\Figures.pptx


