And we are all still waiting to hear how those sewage detention tanks set to collect sewage from the East side of the canal will do anything to prevent the sewer over flow that took place in the new buildings on Sackett/Bond ---the West side of the canal. 

And last weeks rain event was a good indicator on how poorly those on-so-praised flood prevention building code measures actually preform in a fall rain event that planners said would be manageable in this landscape. No. None of this is safe. Building upon toxic wasteland by cutting corners will always cover up that it is toxic wasteland. Stop lying to people. Poonami! Black mayonnaise, YUM I live in Gowanus. It's just a lot of high priced rentals being built and the clean up of the Gowanus  Canal is very slow, as usual. Another project for implants and the top 1%. Get out of here You used to be able to smell that canal from a mile away. We should hire those people to work on Flushing Meadow lake next Where's does the waste get taken to I LOVE BARI WEISS. SHE IS SO WITTY AND CONTROVERSIAL. HER KEEN INTELLECT IS UNRIVALED IN HUMAN HISTORY 😂😂😂 😂 Rule #1 : Don't go into the water No way 🤮 Huh? Hey everyone, I’m sorry the audio is messed up on this one, I’ve been living in hotels for over 2 weeks. The cool thing is that the episode was recorded in a literal castle.  I’ll be back in the real studio soon!  Thank you all for watching! - Socash  Shows how all the money just "dissapears" Proposed Boss Fight: 

NYC's Gowanus Canal vs Chicago's Bubbly Creek kevin costner built an oil water separator centrifuge, why dont we toss 10 in there as a start. After that throw in gallons of chlorine So the super fund was just a waste of taxpayer money then? The Gowanus Canal and the Newtown Creek are toxic nightmares. The person who had a big hand in cleaning up New Yorks waterways died in a plane crash in 1999. JFK Jr So this still needs to be cleaned up Does this canal flood Didn’t know anything about this canal Why is the Gowanus Canal Conservancy not mentioned? Right off the bat you start with mistruths. Welcome to social media. The harmful part is that millions upon millions of people believe everything they read. not connected to the hudson prospect hieghts I live in Evansville, Indiana and we have our own version of Gowanus Canal, it's called Pigeon Creek 👍👍 Hear me out. What if they built a 8, maybe 10 inch pipe under Degraw St. from the port right by where 478 crosses under the water, straight up to where Degraw dead ends at the canal, then bust a left to go up to the very tippy top of the canal. Then put a pump on the end that's out in the bay and run it when tides are going out. Pump fresh ish water from the bay to the top of the canal. It'll eventually flush it out and supply a constant flow of fresher water... It wouldn't be quick. You don't wanna shock the rest of the bay with the pollution. Maybe wait until the first big rainstorm after construction to turn the pumps on for the first flush. Work WITH the bay and the tides and rain and whatever other factors and slowly start flushing it... I think it could work... You'd also still have to fix the things that are still polluting the water... But it's doable... My degen brain read cowanus and clicked 😅 How about a nice swim 🤔🤔🤔…..😱🥴‼️ I had google what super fun site was . I turned on  subtitles they said whay heard aswell😂 turns out epa superfund site . Yet we sent millions.  If not billions   of dollars overseas . My brother has been working there for the past 2 years. It's the only Superfund job going on in the country. But yes they are all working pretty much round the clock 7 days a week. They actually dug almost 300 feet down into the soil & at times hitting bedrock & still coming up with chemicals & toxins from close to 200 years ago. It's crazy how that stuff never disappears. But when that job is all complete the area & the canal will be clean enough to go kayaking & MAYBE even swimming. They are installing underground 12million gallon storage & overflow tanks, filtration systems which will clean up the canal & also stop the flooding problems in the area when it rains hard & also a beautiful park. It's gonna be great for the neighborhood. But like everything, some people always have to pay a price. And knock on wood it's not my brother or any other worker there in their futures breathing & being exposed to all that crap every day. ew Good video. Keep it up. One small thing at 3:21, I think the Dutch always refer to the Netherlands as the fatherland or father country (vaderland). I could be mistaken though. Thanks! This place is worse than love canal 18:10 Yeah, Sam should go for a swim there! Marge Simpson served Mr. Burns a three eyed fish in 1990 I heard a story of a kid who fell in the canal once and had to take a disinfecting shower lol so sad that we have money to send to other countries but not to fix our own. History is a complete joke. We built the pyramids with Donkeys and copper chisels 😂 Since the day the car was invented was the day that the major pollution in the United States started never Mind what happened in other countries Without pollution we would not be where we are today which is a sad fact You heard what he said city government Aren't we just happy with city governments Corruption at its finest all the way to the White House We already know the answer one thing and 1 thing only grieved from corporate enerplease don't you just love it they can pollute get no fines use your old paper out your car window you're likely to get a ticket I watched this video because of the Majority Report. It smells awful. It’s has a color that changes. No animals excepts a few birds. I’m sure no aquatic life is in it. It smells awful. It’s has a color that changes. No animals excepts a few birds. I’m sure no aquatic life is in it. Specifically, what progress is being made? What is the status of the Superfund cleanup project? Left is best. Reconstruction 🤔 Even today in 2025 there are signs saying not to come into contact with thr water The problem with this canal is that it is stagnant. There is no inflow of fresh water to furnish oxygen and flush out the wastes and decay. It is basically a lagoon.
One thing that could down is to divert run-off rainwater from the streets and buildings. I designed several bulkheads along the banks of the canal from the early 1980's tp late 1990's. It was just putrid. When the oil barges would go through,  they would stir up the bottom muck. The stench was overpowering. THIS REMINDS ME OF THE CHICAGO RIVER STORY! 
IT TOO WAS BEING USED AS AN INDUSTRIAL SEWER, AND POLLUTED THE FRESH WATER REMOVED FROM LAKE MICHIGAN FOR CHICAGO DOMESTIC WATER SUPPLY!
THIS WAS SOLVED BY REVERSING THE FLOW, AND DIVERTING THE DIRTY WATER TO THE ILLINOIS RIVER, TO DUMP IT INTO THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER!!
GRAFTON ILLINOIS IS WHERE THE ILLINOIS RIVER ENTERS THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER! Prospect heights Great stuff A monument to nothing? You mean ny who is a ridiculous shell of itself because of not in my backyard and so on what do you think would happen from fishing to so to so on Walabout creek also the name came from some old man telling his donkey to go on ass Can’t eat itvthough I love fishing down there with my bamboo poles Three-eyed catfish??
SIMPSONS DID IT! I can't believe that nothing has been done to address this hazardously contaminated water way in all the decades it's been this way! How TF could the shithole that is New York be considered or called America's heartland? Blasphemy! If you throw a stick in the gowanus canal, it doesn't float. It bends 18:19 It's actually "Broadcasting live STEPS from the industrially RAVAGED Gowanus Canal in the heartland of America, Downtown Brooklyn, USA." Can you do the canals of Lowell MA next? I know those aren't crab pot markers at 0:58.....I'll have a heart attack if they are. *How very sad for our planet* 🌎 When my kids were young in the 90's I had a small wooden boat that I kept out at Dead Horse Bay, but I'd sail it to the canal, then motor all the way up to Union Street or Caroll street and moor it. We'd get in and out by climbing up the sides of the bridges. Their mother lived just up on President street, and I across fourth avenue, on Sackett. A lot of the waterfront was still almost lawless then. Nobody stopped you, or demanded permits or anything like that. People would live all Summer on the beaches out near Jamaica bay, unbothered by the law.  Even well into the 2000's we'd cart a big expedition kayak I had down there and paddle out to the bay. It was a magic time, because the water was no longer as hideously foul as it had been, but it was before the 1% bought it all for development. We could even get in and out of the boat directly onto Second Street, which was at the time just a bleak dead end where the working girls would bring their customers, and people would burn cars for the insurance money.  The canal was never naturally so foul--it became so because of the exit tunnel was broken for so many years. When Jesus walked on the water it was no trick. He just walked on the Gowanus. It was so filthy his toes never touched water. It has been like this for 100+ years and it still has not been cleaned!😂😂😂😂😂 1010 News would always mention the Gowanus in its traffic report.  

Everyone knew not to jump in the canal.   

The reason crime is high in nyc is because all those criminals fell in the canal.  You can look it up. Stop taking away our industrial wastelands and putting condos on top. Any place that looks “rundown” or “unsafe” is where art is thriving. Bulldozing the area and then building condos only widens the wealth disparity gap and removes culture. Hey but lets waste hundred of billions of dollars to give away all over the world... Government is soooo great... NOT Big striped bass lurk this canal 100thousnand is nothin The ice cream shop near the canal has a chocolate Ice cream called " It came from the Gowanus canal" Yes, but the important question is , Is it rising? I'll bet the answer is No..... My brother who lives on Long Island wears a Gowanus Yacht Club t-shirt. How is a prestigious yacht club able to flourish if the water is so stinky? From what i heard the water was red before the city dyed it green Someone should consider putting a Whole Foods here; as performance art. How VILE!!
It's a TOXIC WASTE DUMP!
No SANE HUMAN would live anywhere near there; and they are building apartment buildings?? No doubt REALLY EXPENSIVE!! So, one will pay out the arse to BE POISONED, when buying/living in one of these apartments. 
This toxic waste is a crime against humanity! All of these businesses, along the canal/who've contributed to this, should be made to pay for the clean up! As far back as one could go (former business owners)......MAKE THEM PAY!
This toxic waste is due to one thing....GREED!! 

Yes....America = FREEDOM. But one must understand what COMES with Freedom.....RESPONSIBILITY! I'm all for making $$; but if you cannot do it without turning your surroundings into a TOILET/TOXIC WASTE DUMP......then, NO!......you do NOT 'have the Right to.....'!! So I'm the 3rd generation in my family to become a dock builder / timberman local 1556 NYC , our job has many different jobs that are all specialized trades , exa. Pile driving, underwater welding and construction , divers tender ,  bridges and tunnels , and much much more.  We have been on every bridge , tunnel , and every single body of water whether stagnant or moving , 
Every foundation in Manhattan has to be reinforced and is under the water table so we also do foundations.  
Ever wonder how bridges are built especially the support and the  foundation that's under the water ? , yup , that's us. I'ma go out on a limb here and say it's exactly because it was a vital water way that it ended up like this. I don't like them they stink...oh you said Gowanus. I have lived near the Gowanus Canal for the past 25 years.  This area has changed greatly.  Your video makes no mention of the massive cleanup of the canal over the past few years. Place with beautiful name
👏 i lived in the neighborhood for years i was hoping to hear about the repair of the water intake pump and the pump breaking after a few years and what effect it had on canal, i remember schools testing shellfish oysters and mussels to see of it could live udder the carol street bridge The industrialy ravaged I worked near there and there was outside sitting were i had my lunch. In the summer what a stink and it had bubbles plopping  about. The industrially ravaged Gowanus canal in the heartland of America: downtown Brooklyn USA So where does the sewage go. I thought it was pumped out into the ocean. Clean up Chicago and Baltimore, huh? Well... The water won't fight back, maybe you should've started there to show yourself worthy. Preston and Childs featured the Gowanas canal in one of the Pendergast novels. The rich of NYC deserve no better than a super fund site beneath their condos. Sorry not sorry. Crazy SAI trails in those recent photos. No wonder it’s so polluted - it comes from the sky as well as the city… look up! Not "Indians," but Native Americans! I can smell it from here! https://www.nyc.gov/content/getstuffdone/pages/gowanus-cleanup Developers have people drinking the coolaid. They’ve developed the hell out of that area.  They are building a mini city down there. Windows that can’t open in those high rise apt buildings.  I can only imagine the hard to detect toxic vapors wafting around in those buildings. "Prosper Heights?" I know this isn't a geography channel, but... Professor Socash I must have missed this one, glad I never lived in NYC, stay safe and be at peace... I got the not so pleasure of seeing it once or smelling it once , o got lost making my way out of it , this is before gps 😮😢 when u have to use road map atlas 😮😢 Let me guess - corporate interests have exceeded private industry's ability to compete and this canal was very important to those smaller private businesses which now cease to exist. With no interests located on the canal having the financial power to spark the government into action through bribes and corruption - money goes elsewhere. Am I close? It's hopeless, let's not kid ourselves. Majority Report says “industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal” Sooooooooooo government has been incompetent for multiple centuries, got it. All major cities wiped out industry The majority report are some of the most despicable liars in media today. They constantly fear monger their political opponents and have absolutely no qualms completely fabricating and intentionally twisting facts to serve their narrative. Power and control is their only ambition by any means necessary. They will never have good faith opposing arguments and are some of the most poshest elitists I’ve ever witnessed. It was sad how ingnorant, and even uncaring, our ancestors were about the environment. Please please please stop saying "indians" when referring to Native Americans PLEASE Skipper Matt, I'm finding the same amazement every single adventure you complete and translate into the most riveting videos. Your acumen with the kayak, canoes and urban exploring gets superb video presentation. The collage of water sights at the end, the closing segment with the young geese (A collection of geese on the water is commonly called a plump. I looked it up!) and the music begins to play....was delightful. In your many videos, sometimes far shots show you operate while the distant camera follows you is a Felix the Cat Bag o' Tricks item. For example in this Gowanus Canal episode, when you were all packed up climbing the ladder made it seem like you had a camera man covering your climb, but I figure you got something robotic going on.....and PLEASE, keep it your secret, your trade secret and just let me guess how you do it! I love the modern gear you employ young Man including the amazing kayak. As I traveled all the boroughs and Long Island and the Jersey side of the NY Metro region in my working years, I've seen many strange, scary and wonderful things. But never have I seen anyone climb out of any urban waterway with a huge boat backpack in tow and just pop up on the street ready to find a bodega and get a Coke! You're looking mighty fine with the new warm season upon us, a champion's look. Thank you and continue safe practice. 💯💫🍒🌎 35:24 did you ignore him saying you can't boat there? Today I went for a walk in the shittest area of my town, on purpose.  I am becoming like you lol. That grain depot looks like the building from Ninja Turtles back in the day. Where all those kids in the foot clan were skateboarding and smoking cigarettes underage. What a strange place. They asked about sharks as the Hudson has brown sharks. Not like Jaws, LOL. So love your videos! great video You know the pollution is bad if your kayak starts to dissolve! That scary looking gost  ship has been docked at that spot since I was a kid has a cougar on the exhaust funnel. I’m 52 years old and it’s been sitting there for at least 45 years. At one time they were painting it. Then they stopped. I would love to know the history of that ship. What a good video, I watch all your videos here in Brazil. Hats off to you! What courage! I was having a panic attack just to see you paddle beside that huge old ship. I have megalophobia, especially around big ships and warehouses. You are really crazy and I admire how long you can kayak. It must be exhausting. Thank you for giving us such insights and thank you for taking care of yourself Can't believe you're going into the Gowanus without a spacesuit. we used to swim there, I still can't understand why I have 3 eyes I was raised by my godparents in the Carroll Gardens Neighborhood of the New York City Borough of Brooklyn at 26A 1st Street 3rd Floor Apartment, in Brooklyn, New York 11231 from 1958 to 1982, , 2 Blocks Away from the Carroll Street Bridge Built in 1889 Over the Gowanus Canal Built in 1854 originally called the Gowanus Creek. Awhh Matt you make me smile & chuckle luv ❤ your video adventures! Thank you! Your kayaking reminds me of when we first paved roads for bicycle users. Then cars got adopted and the thoroughfares began catering to larger and faster cars. Today, car culture ruins so many cities that could be so much nicer if people just slowed down. Just look at the backlash from motorists about bike lanes stealing parking spots or other berating of "15 minute cities".

In a hundred years, all these beautiful waterways will be stocked with speed boats throwing wake constantly and yelling at kayaks and canoes to "GET OUTTA THE WAY!"

I'm also reminded of Disney's Motor Mania from the 1950s! Even then we knew things were bad!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwPSIb3kt_4 Thank you for this amazing video. I think you might be the bravest person alive. those have to be the largest tug boats in the world At 20 minutes whats the name of that old ship??? Whats that huge building??? I'm guessing it would take away from the video but do you ever consider wearing a mask or cloth over your face or something to block any any water mist in the dirtier places? Folding portable boat?
Link to buy one? New York is a disgusting democrat cesspool. If you're lucky you will get to see the trains. That they put on a special train barges to bring. Ing from Jersey to Brooklyn sunset parkk Bush terminal. How were the odors? 😂 how do you get the pollution off your kayak? Salute to great uncle Charles Hughes The Red Hook Grain Terminal is an abandoned grain elevator at the Gowanus Canal's mouth in Brooklyn's Red Hook neighborhood. 

Built in 1922, it is a 12-story concrete structure that is 429 feet long and has 54 silos, each standing 120 feet tall with 8-inch-thick walls to store combustible grain safely. 

Part of the New York State Canal System, it aimed to improve shipping along the Erie Canal. However, it was seen as a failure shortly after its September 1922 opening due to a decline in canal use and grain shipments. Matt, what you saw off the Gowanus Canal is a wind turbine that looks like a windmill. The Loujaine, formerly known as the Abu Loujain, is a notable vessel that originally functioned as a cement and dry cargo ship. Today, it serves a new purpose as a floating storage hulk nestled in the picturesque Gowanus Canal, located in Brooklyn, New York. This ship was constructed in 1966 in Japan for Arabian Bulk Trade (ABT) and was later adapted for specialized cement handling. After being re-acquired by ABT, it was renamed and proudly flies the Panamanian flag, marking its transformation from an operational cargo carrier to a distinctive feature along the canal’s shoreline. New Subscriber Here, I'm liking this channel Immensely! Back in the day I worked over there in Red Hook . after guy robbed the Lowe’s which is on the canal jumped in and swam across to get away from the police 24 hours later he died in local hospital due to Poisoning from swallowing some of the water Hey Matt, you are creating excellent content. It is entertaining, informative, thrilling. Your talking is so fluent and well placed. Your camera work is impressive. The fast angle changes are amazing. You are so brave to enter these areas with a tiny boat. Stay safe and keep up this superiour work. Hi question where can I get a kayak like that Matt 
Your video adventures are truly awesome this one especially. 
You’re a brave man , thanks for the adventure. The large ship with the name you had to spell, looks like a rust bucket no longer being used. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPBKAWJQsm4 Thank you for sharing these wonderful adventures. thanks good video, would like more specific map references. Ur crazy dude u should get a lil boat would be more safe than that toy u paddling ur nutts in crazy n adventurous way best outdoor/kayaking vids
RJ @ the Redwoods  Nice once again. I would like to kayak one day in NYC I'm from  Orlando Florida Great channel and NYC resident my entire life.  Gotta ask what that Uber cost must have ridiculously expensive lol. well do the right new york city. sell this ocean terminal to the chinese. if you cant build your mom back to life. big daddy can. @28:30, while of course they could expand their awareness, you have to do your own due diligence to ensure you are visible to other seafarers. Which Oru do you use? Awesome to see you navigate on that craft as a great test! What camera are you using to film? I like how it switches angles and what not. We have the same raw sewage discharge warnings on our local rivers. Can't help wondering if any fish live in that canal. If anyone gives you crao theu need to calm down. Yes I get the fact some people are idiots, but you make it very clear you are waiting and patiently. You are respectful and are very aware, at the same time, this is all public water. I haven't seen a sighn or gate or anything saying you cant be thier. I'm just a southern boy from North Carolina that has no interest going North but watching you cruise around on the kayak up there is peaceful to watch and pretty damn cool man 😎 My Mom was born on Carol street I used to go there in the 70's when I was young, it did not look nothing like that at all. Really hooked to your adventures. The best , i have been looking so far at the NYC so rounding areas.  Are NY area based ?  Curious about the your gear set up and where do you mount camera for different shots other than those on tripods. I’ll bet there’s some cement shoes below you! Grew up near the Gowanus Canal and the Red Hook Grain Terminal (from Gowanus, BK). My friends and I explored the Gowanus Bat Cave along the canal about a decade ago before it was redeveloped. I never knew that ship, the Loujane was there (just did some research and apparently it was owned by a Saudi cement/construction company and went out of use in the 80s!) That whole area and its eerie industrial feel always fascinated me. So cool seeing someone explore my backyard up close! 🤪 9 guys sitting around and one working . Sad they keep tearing up more Mother Earth , for what? While so much just fall apart instead of restoring. Pollution everywhere I think you need a pole maybe with a flag, or reflection lights, that survey guy made sense 19:06  friendly reminder  👋 😊 Great video.  You are a brave man.  I used to live in Brooklyn and Bike over the Canal often.  On a hot day, you could smell it, combination of sewage, fish and chemicals.  The green florescent tinge of the water never goes away.  It's been a Superfund site for over 50 years.  To say it looks clean is relative.  It is cleaner but will always be toxic. In 2009 it was declared a Superfund site. In 2012 it was declared that it would cost $467 million to $504 million to clean up. I can't find any data as to  how much they have spent so far, but they're asking for a budget of 2 billion in 2024 to continue clean up I canoed the Gowanus canal in a leaky canoe about 2005.  Half way thru the paddle the canoe stopped leaking.  Sealed watertight from the nasty ooze in the canal.  My girlfriend spent about an hour with a q-tip and nail polish remover getting all the little flecks of tar off me when we I got back. And they’re building luxury housing all around this toxic soup Trashboats. raw sewage is being released from all sewage treatment plants in NYC because the plants dont have the capacity to hold all this water flow coming into the plants from the catch basins located at each street.But this rain water along with the raw sewage is combined and treated with Hypochloride (basically chlorine) before it gets released into the bay.And again this happens only on rain events. Great stuff! Hell yea, king. Make that content amdist the collapsing dystopia among one of its many decrepit canalways. Good on ya. @twofeetoutdoors take water samples and get them analyzed and post the results.  Think you can do them free via your town usually. 41:55 not to second guess, but are you sure "raw sewage" enters the waterway there when it rains?  That would mean the sewer lines, and storm run-off lines, are connected, which makes NO sense to me at all.  Did you just mean that untreated stormwater enters the canal?   I would think that sewer lines are closed off and separate, and go to water treatment plants. I'm so glad you ignored those construction workers. Crazy how much of the grain terminals foundation has eroded and collapsed away. Cool exploration. that was awesome! That water is scary your brave bud I'm curious about how you film your adventures. I love how the camera rotates and was curious how you do that while you're kayaking. by yourself. Good response, " everyone needs to be aware of their surroundings. " Jesus dude you are talking an incredible chance in those waters. You have my respect x10! Looked like those guys just got finished dumping those portapotties. I have gone across the Union St Bridge on my bike. It was really cool seeing the bridge from the canal perspective. NYC is going to have to bestow ambassador status to you soon for all the PR work you’re doing! imagine what new york was like a hundred years ago. so much industry, so much activity in the sea. now a kind of disneyland for the wealthy. I wonder how much asbestos may be hiding in that grain terminal building? What a difference is with paddling in the urban/city  vs. Suffolk Co. kayaking. You must enjoy this more. I get it, there's more physical history to touch and witness. your channel is gem, never stop kayaking and making videos for us! 🔥🔥 Say bud being that you’re out in the NY NJ area what if you wonder into a dead squealer?😂😂😂😂 awesome Wow, it takes guts to do what you're doing.I hope you had all your shots. And I don't mean your shots from your camera.I mean the shots.💉new york is so disgusting . I think the buildings at @4:32 are where they filmed the last season of DareDevil. This was Mayor Kingpins "project". The Loujaine is so rusted! GOLLY! nice friendly construction workers.  typical new yorkers Daaamn... Where do you get the energy from??? 😫 i was waiting for this video Amazing to think that when my dad was a kid in the late 1920's he used to swim in that canal. I thought they were cleaning it and dredging it Shipwreck at Carroll St Lofts with waterfront odor. I passed over the canal my whole life and wondered what it would be like to kayak there. This answers life-long questions. Thank You We really need a map in a corner somewhere showing where you are with landmarks if possible. Every video I am trying to follow your route on google maps lol Came here for the EPA stuff and only a little bit for the exploration. Please don’t get stabbed to death by a junkie!!!! 😢 😢😢 so very tragic and yet it makes you wonder how the narrative is perpetuated that the farms are the ones polluting the rivers and waterways. 🤔🤔🤔 Matt, we’re thankful for your expose🙏🙏🙏. There are countless number of cities polluting their waterways in the same manner.👎👎👎 Great video !  Thank You ! So do u glow in the dark now?😂 great video I would love to come along with you on some of your adventures. Are you just a solo act? :-) @9:28 I think it's pronounced like lou ann? Idk. Cajun name?
It's hull is in bad condition. Needs some love. I think I saw Kramer swimming by. Now instead of glowing green its dark green now👍 Swimming in Live Gohnarea 😮😮😮 NY Dems: yay! Let’s spend money!  It grows on trees! My ancestor built the first residence in Brooklyn, and it was on the Gowanus. I love this project! We need it. The sewage company and EPA should be responsible big time, after all the decades 2024aaaaaa now we're doing something, you covering something NY I cannot believe that dude swam in it! Gow-ANUS....  Yeah right they ain't really cleaning it up, just another way to make people think politicians are worth anything. heard of this canal from blue bloods, crazy Ny has waters like somalia A little baking soda will clean that right up Back in the day, me and my buddies used to catch and eat fish from the canal.  Good times! 😋 Saw it today ! Thousand of floating and serfaced fish ! Why not drain it, then clean it, then fill it back up again? LMAO... smelly toxic Gowanus I tease my friends from Brooklyn that they were baptized in the canal! Would Don or Ron show up for this?  I don't think so...   Too "woke" for them! Where am I gonna dump all the bodies if they clean this 🧐 Wen can we swim in the Hudson River? The yr 3050? They'd have to dig down a mile to clean it up just to start. Adams should now swim there. it is still INFECTED mafia used it to get rid rid of their victims and trashes dump Funera homesl,hospitals  ,slaughter house dump their stuff their too and LL continue. Fill in the gowanas canal and build low income housing on it The cheapest solution should be to have the street drainage (not sewage waste) diverted to help flush it out.....I am not a civil engineer, but i did sleep at a Motel Six. Fill it in. It is a fossil of a different age, when this area was a natural wetland, and there was constant flow of water from the surrounding marshes which flushed it out.
Now it is a stagnant lagoon, which is bound to revert to its nasty state surrounded by an urban environment...... Any three eyed fish? The history is people just thought they should dump anything and everything in the canal... did they find the surveillance video tape from MCC on Jeffery Epstein? No Jimmy Hoffa ? That WW2 rescue boat didn't turn up from dreadging... it's always been there at water level or barely just below at low tide..  it's been there for decades. Fill it with NYC garbage , then put a thin layer of soil and some grass seeds. Call it it the Meadowlands.  That what we  did in Jersey. Federal money to create waterfront property. I don't want my tax dollars spent to make upscale development possible. Do exactly what was done with other sections of abandoned canals in New York: fill it in and turn it into a wide street. they want to build more apts. Even There bad english😂 If you REALLY want to see something you need to be there when it rains and see the CSOs start to flow.
The smell and the stuff you see come out is just incredible. What's really crazy is that canal is attached to Manhattan harbor, the east river and the hudson river. So all that deadly water has spread. I recently saw a video discussing the conditions of the water in that canal and I couldn't believe how toxic and dangerous that water really is. A man commented saying he worked on tugboats in nyc waters and said the canal is so toxic that if anyone ever fell into that water they would not pull them out to put them in the same boat because it would risk everyones health on the boat. Since the 1700s all sorts of things were dumped into the gowanus canal. From dead animals, chemicals. Sewage. You name it, it was thrown in the canal. Great to hear it's being cleaned but the soil on the bottom is what really needs to be removed. Finally something good out of NYC ! Housing around that nasty canal? Oh come on. Even after cleanup I wouldn’t live there ok Decades to clean up - meanwhile, people are living right above it. 💀 Greedy developers have no concience. They dont give a dam how polluted that thing is. Its still going to be an open sewage. At this moment its full of coronavirus and when it goes through the pump and splashes, it gets all over the air. Nice place to live ha? That’s. A. Man or woman Natalie, looking decent! I wonder how many guns they found????? I remember as a child in the late 70's crossing that canal on the way to Redhook swimming pool and that canal would reek of eggs. What an awful unbearable smell. To think kids swam in it back in the days. Remember that dolphin? lots of kids swam there in the 1960s SLAVES TOO Judge Crater? Those Fish took a wrong turn,dang😞 On my page it shows all different videos and clips. I worked there It would really be news if it said 'LIVE FISH SPOTTED IN GOW-ANUS' Or a big bubble sprinkler head with a pump.. Just sayin Dated a girl living in Gowanus..the smell of dead fish from yknow where kinda precipitated the eventual breakup 😆😉 The msm and democrats are so worried about climate change but don’t care that our water and land are contaminated with chemicals. As usual these "Activists" have no clue this happens every year the bait fish school up in the millions deplete the oxygen and die as well as algae blooms 🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦 This moron said heavy rains... What about the monsoon regions in the world they have fish die offs?  🤔 I like the guy complaining about the rain we have had. We haven't had enough rain! Keep feeding people BS stories.  I've killed more fish then that in a day for lobster bait! I wanna know when someone sees a live fish. New York has a brand Why do people live near this highly contaminated waterway?   The old Staten Island Dump has tons of chemicals and pollution as well....who knows what leaks out of there and ends up in Brooklyn! 😂 they killed the fish with 💩 💩 💩 That was dead bunker...not a eating fish..only bait fish That’s y I couldn’t catch any fish the other night 🤦🏾‍♂️ Superfund cleanup. GTFOH. This is natural occurring thing that happens when blue fish chase bunker fish it causes a😊 fish stampede that causes all the bunker fish to eat all the oxygen. It happens  all the time. Just the news making drama for people that have no knowledge of fish and nature We have to stop people from other countries from coming to America There the one that have the chemical and chemistry to do this No lie I think it’s the Chinese that are doing this the gowanus canal will never be clean they need to drain it and put new water or make a new street They are dumping Bud Light there. The fish are just sleeping it off. It was the herpes Bunker tend to go into back bays when chased down by bluefish and strippers so many bunker eat up oxygen fill the shit in     what happened to the  flushing tunnel ??? Its bunker from the bay that swam into gowanus and died from lack of oxygen in the water bc of the fetid muck. Happens often. Did they clean that thing up? I remember it being so bad you wouldn't notice dead fish "New York Has A Brand" - said by NYC Mayor Eric Adams 😮😮😮😮 if you read up on the history of what polluted it and for how long and then read about how inept the local government is at planning and cleaning it up you would know that anyone alive today will not be swimming in that canal without some kind of special equipment I grew up just off the canal, 2nd street, and i say.....NEVER! 
Locals used to swim in it prior to the pumping station breaking down and everyone who did got sick.  Soooo....🤷‍♂️ Although a swimmable Gowanus Canal is a wonderful dream, changing the classification of the canal primarily serves to make at least some of the water quality standards enforceable in a way that they currently are not. That the water would ever become clean enough to swim in is really questionable, as there will always be sewage at least flowing into some parts of the canal during periods of extreme rainfall. Kayaking is one thing, but swimming without extremely high-quality protective gear? I don't think so. Yet I seen no other people outside other than the 2 of you. Does anybody remember that part of the program doing the 50s and the 60s in the 70s and the 80s? Don't don't judge. You know? I used to hear Stories. When that was one of the favorite places, people dump in bodies.  Cause it was polluted when rats and rats would eat whatever was whatever fell into the water. I remember going to group on my friends couple of times in the summer, we usually tie chicken bones and stuff to strengthen the rope and throw it in there and fight with the rats, at least we think there were rats, water rats.  They supposed to be big.
 Insurance, but I don't know what pulled it cause. We never really saw it cause. The water was so dark and dirty. So it might be stories or there might be a couple of million people in there. A couple tons of guns that we use in violence and nights. Oh, somebody in the government's gonna realize this.  I don't think all these plans.You're gonna go through right away.Cause every time they dig up a body that's a lot of money spent Can you please find out from the activist/s in that area WHY A HELPLESS DOLPHIN was allowed to die a horrible death two decades ago in the disgusting sewer called the GOWANUS CANAL right somewhere in the Astoria area ??  
Would appreciate it.  Thank you. ❤ Brother in law was lucky to get a place in Park Slope before Sandy.  His apartment was filled nearly full with sludge/sewage from Gowanus. Poor dolphins have died there. Gow-anus! I like your channel. But if you are speaking about the Gowanus canal clean up, you should note the engineering project before the dredging was allowed to begin. You should look up the Gowanus Flushing Tunnel and facility at the head of the canal. Good work. Jimmy Hoffa is somewhere in the canal. NYC waa just as bad as London...No OYSTERS please .... yuck 🤢🦪 This channel should be given some sort of social and urban archeological award. Great program God bless hipsters all for you In Pittsburgh, we have sewage treatment plants that treat the sewage before we dump the water back into the rivers leading into the Ohio River, which supplies water for Cincinnati, Ohio.
The sewage plants remove the slug (aka poop) from the sewage, then bakes (like baking a cake) and sends the slug to a landfill.  The remaining water mixture is purified to the point of being drinkable.  The water is sent to the Ohio River to provide water for Cincinnati. 
Side factoid: During the drought of 1988, Pittsburgh sent less water down to Cincinnati.   Pittsburgh dams held back water for Cincinnati. 
Dumping raw sewage into the canal is so uncivilized.   If New York asked Pittsburgh, we'd show you how to treat water, then you will be able to eat your clams. Answer: The Gowanus will be high end waterfront real estate, ironically built on a toxic waste dump, with $0 land cost. IT USED TO CATCH FIRE!

SERIOUSLY, A WATER CANAL THAT WOULD CATCH ON FIRE, THINK ABOUT THAT. Disgusting. Reminds me of when I was a kid in the ‘60’s my mom would take me and my sister to Red Hook to visit some churches in the area for Good Friday. I would be terrified walking over the bridge at the canal. The water was green with oil globs floating in it and the smell was awful. I imagined some monster must have been living under that polluted mess. I saw your earlier video on the streets around the canal. 😊😊 Oysters do such great work counteracting raw sewage Where did all of the contaminated sediment go once it was dredged?  Open ocean? But but, I was told it is beautiful clean coals. It really does look like Copenhagen! Greattttt ! Soon it will be like the Venice Canal…. 😂 They have a Whole Foods in Gowanus!  It's a trending nabe.  New York real estate development is truly weird. I am amazed. 30 years this was a NO GO area. Amazing whas a little Clean Up can do. Where did the contaminated sludge go? Anybody else notice that Oysters are nature filters for water, What about the Coney Island Creek? Great video! That Canal is poison, just ask the dolphin that swam in there some years ago. As a kid I'd have nightmares that I would fall in. I don't live too far from here and it's insane to me how much money has been spent on buildings along the canal. I don't care if they're dredging, those tenants are breathing in fumes. How many dead mobsters do you think they will find? 👍👍👍 I love your video, huge fan. But this one tickled my itch. I don't like this, to start with mankind took a natural environment and polluted it, terraformed it and transformed it into its current form today. Nature was devastated by this process but whilst there was a massive ecological impact life survived, adapted and evolved. That is where we are today. Now mankind is trying to 'restore' the previous natural state of the waterway. The process to achieve that is invasive sudden and severe chemical and physical alteration. This is as abrupt and destructive to the current natural state as was the original desecration. You are repeating the error. if you want this to transform back to its natural state. To heal. Stop! Stop all human intervention and activity. Let nature reclaim and rehabilitate in her own way. Anything else is just furthering the original thinking and destruction, for the sake of what 'looks good' to people. When are we going to stop destroying our environment whilst all along thinking we know best and that we are good? There is no greater evil than this. I cant even imagine myself for working *20 years* to restore some random salt marsh, thats just insane to me.

This type of stuff just reaffirms the necessity of capitalism more than anything else. What do you know; it works. Love your tic tocs, I love the history and story's of Americans, Being British we have lots of history. So I like to learn American history. The architectural story's . Keep it up. Iv subbed Now 🎉❤ A concrete park ok... Thank god the new president cares so much about the environment and ecological conditions that impact people and the other living creatures there. Pretty sure anything with the words “green” in it was just defunded by the doge $2 trilly recovery squad and the mess made all for $150 billion “in savings” (erasing US soft power globally) for the US govt not even remotely touching the military?? What a freaking joke man. Sad that projects like this will no longer get govt funding to clean up if they were already which imo they should be. We needed that infrastructure money bad! Things are crumbling and for some reason we gotta constantly only pay attention to what books shouldn’t be  in classrooms and other craziness!! If I swim there, will I gain super powers? Future of the Guwanus will be more residential and mixed use gentrification. Like every where else in the vicinity of Manhattan. 50 years ago Brooklyn and manhattan were commercial-manufacturing and authentic people living working and middle class lives. Now it is residential buildings built solely for money laundering and for the wealthy and their children from all over the country and the world. With financial firms moving out the main business of NYC is now catering to the wealthy who live in or invest in these expensive properties. My God imagine how beautiful it was. And the United States has the nerve to tell other country's how to behave environmentally. They burn coal for 160 years? Lol China does it for 50 in the world condemns them So interesting! Amazing infrastructure revamp. Liked your comment that it looks like Copenhagen or London. Good comments. Go anus! I wanna live there. I see what's happening. Love your channel, man! Wonder what they did with all that junk they dug up Many dead bodies have ended up in there, too. That part will continue. Try and keep the urban campers from relieving themselves in it or drowning in it after they have lost control of themselves. I love living in a metropolis. Every day is an adventure. Go Anus canal. So, where did they send the stuff that was dredged up? You should do an episode on Newtown Creek in Williamsburg Peter Cooper’s factory used to dump in there then there was a major gas and oil company that polluted that one you can still see oil barriers in the creek to this day. I read a old newspaper article on it crazy. Everything  is possible I work at UPS and would love to see the history of UPS in New York if that would be possible Keep it up! It’s so cool to see redevelopment and conservation like this going on. Every time I pass by, I am consistently surprised that people have willingly decided to live there now. This is especially since the canal still floods during (for now) uncommon massive storms and deposits that sewage everywhere. I personally feel it large parts of it should have been turned back into an undeveloped marsh area for reducing flood risks in higher elevation areas nearby. I know nyc needs more houses but this isn’t a wise location to build housing. Wow. Looks way better than when I lived near it about 15 years ago! Happy to see this Bro this was almost a year ago for there to be fish there means the water quality have improved significantly since they been dumping there I’m pretty sure thats the fourth street basin. It’s close to my house, and I’ve fished there and caught some bluefish. It’s the 3 eyed fish. 1:42 Why is that person putting their hand in the water without gloves?! Live Gonnerah?!?!?!? bless you chris, love this gross canal Dumbass Eww. Gross. idiot guy THIS IS REAL? These people saying "these kids smelt it"  "once they caught a whiff of it"
and the place is basically named CowAnus? smell of crap or sewage See what happens when you hire The Best of the Best and they call you guys the basket of deplorable look who's laughing now people Great 
Now we have corpses & barges in that sewer
Great job What's up with her tone? Like I kept expecting her to say "gosh darn". Lady its spilling CONTAMINANTS into our oceans! Bruh Gotham city. I was born and raised on Baltic & Bond - just down the block from the "Boutique Hotel" she mentions. One block from the Gowanus Canal, and I can't even describe the deep, slimy green sludge that they call water. The smell during half the year - mostly late Spring and Summer. My mother, 3 sisters, uncle and his wife, all died from cancer. All between the ages of mid 40's to late 50's - no one made it past 60, mostly Leukemia and lung, organ cancers. Everyone was in good to very good health at time of diagnosis. Gentrifiers and Hipsters maybe have an immunity, who knows. The Gowanus Canal was definitely the common denominator for my family though. Great trendy restaurants and expensive condos and hotels! Something there totally isn’t in nyc thank god! Now the lower class who live there will be pushed out congrats you stupid Trendy hipsters jesus fuck Stop gentrification in Brooklyn stoppppp The toxicity levels are no joke, it has been dangerous for decades, laugh now before those tumors arise. Get out of Gowanus stop this Yeet Nice idea,once again way too late, New York Shitty