Wake up and smell the canal, people, new real estate is going in alllllll up and down me in 2015! i still don’t fully understand who is buying luxury apartments overlooking the gowanus canal… is the idea that you just don’t open the windows or??? a few old NIMBYs were whining about all the new housing (and how the affordable units weren't *really* affordable) but all I could think about is how cool the new buildings looked and how other cities should replicate this Esplanade. Reminder: Do not go in the flood waters, it contains pathogens and is a threat to human health. Join 
@EPAregion2 to hear the latest on the EPA’s work Community Advisory Group (CAG) meeting for the Gowanus Canal Superfund Site! beach staycation at the gowanus canal Boccaccio taking his first sip of Brooklyn's famous Gowanus canal water the industrially-ravaged Gowanus Canal in the Heartland of America, downtown Brooklyn, USA thousands of new housing units—20–25% of which are affordable—were built after extensive remediation of the land, a process that is still ongoing. DON'T EAT tomalley* Up to 4 meals/month (six crabs per meal) Up to 1 meal/month DON'T EAT American eel Atlantic needlefish Blue crabs Bluefish Gizzard shad Rainbow smelt Striped bass White perch other fish not listed Don't eat the soft "green stuff" (mustard, tomalley, liver or hepatopancreas) found in the body section of crabs and lobsters because cadmium, PCBs and other contaminants concentrate there. As contaminants are transferred to cooking liquid, you should also discard crab or lobster cooking liquid. DOH Fish Consumption Advisory for the Upper Bay of New York Harbor, Applicable to the Gowanus Canal. Ambling home from Carroll Gardens and delighted to see the progress down at Gowanus Canal. Gonna get real interesting as these projects are delivered and absorbed.What an exuberant family reunion for Stern, our Canada goose guest of more than 3 weeks!

Stern had been separated from their mate and 6 now-grown goslings while being treated for a severe foot infection. These poor geese have been living in a parking lot near the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn waiting for the young to fledge. It’s a tribute to some kind humans who look out for them that they’ve survived this long.

The loud, gesticular welcome this parent received upon return is an absolute wonder. These geese are emotional creatures with strong family bonds. They deserve so much better than the treatment they receive, and a better home than the paved, unhealthy areas we’ve created.

We hope to see this whole crew in the water soon! Just a heads up that the Gowanus Canal area is littered with extremely high trichloroethylene measurement levels, a VOC responsible for the rise of Parkinson's. Since Brooklyn has been under quarantine, the condoms are starting to return to the Gowanus canal 

If you Google "date ideas" in NYC, Google's first recommendation "from sources around the web" is to "Kayak the Gowanus canal." Contamination can bring people closer together. Cold float on the condom-filled waters now canceled. DEP’s Jesse Goldin manages a billion-dollar effort to protect the Gowanus Canal. Once complete, the new facilities will block 12 MILLION gallons of discharge from entering the waterway during storms. Another view of the Great Blue Heron by the Whole Foods near the Gowanus canal. Clean water above and dirty water below. The birds I’ve been seeing hunt minnows in the clean water. So there is *Greenway construction* going on near the mouth of the Gowanus Canal - basically in the hellhole zone under the expressway. Gowanus Canal unrecognizable - reminds me of parts of Hackney .
@BIG_Architects
 has unveiled a 27-story mixed-use tower for Brooklyn’s Gowanus. The project includes 1,000 housing units, over 1M sq ft of space, and a public park by Field Operations along the Gowanus Canal, developed with dencityworks. Progress on the Brooklyn waterfront greenway between Red Hook & Sunset Park - this is going south from the Hamilton Ave bridge over the Gowanus Canal 

Great to see, but biggest problem is there's nothing in the works to connect to either end of this in near future Brooklyn: Hamilton Place & 13th Street, a body was found in the Gowanus Canal last Thursday. The 
@NYPD78Pct
 responded to the call and discovered the body on rocks along the canal. The 
@NYPDSpecialops
 ESU was deployed to the scene, and they removed the body. According to the NYPD, the deceased individual was a 69-year-old man, who was found lying facedown on the shore. Paramedics declared him dead at the scene. The cause of death is yet to be determined and will be investigated by the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner. If you're among the Brooklynites charmed by the Gowanus canal's transformation into what some are calling "Little Copenhagen," you can thank Brad Lander. A Century of Toxic Soup in New York’s Gowanus Canal VIDEO: 3-eyed catfish caught in the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn Developers See Brooklyn’s Gowanus Canal as an Alluring New Waterfront. But for Years, It Stunk. decontaminating pyrene from the Gowanus canal using engineered proteins gowanus white ethnostate gentrifier Don't let polluter National Grid use Brownfield Pgm to reduce cleanup 

Imagine someone vessel’s themselves the first day of the gowanus canal opening

Official renderings are now public for an upcoming, Combined Sewer Overflow (CSO) facility, set for 2 2nd Avenue beside the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn's Gowanus neighborhood.

Cancer-causing toxins could be spread over trendy Brooklyn neighborhood by Gowanus Canal dredging project, experts warn

love that the thinking behind the Gowanus rezoning continues the grand tradition of “what if the rest of the city looked like the parts of Manhattan you never spend time in”

The Gowanus claimed a small boat yesterday evening

SLIWA: I’m the only candidate on this stage who has ever put his life on the line to rescue a three-legged raccoon after it fell into the Gowanus Canal

money laundering debit spots to show expenses

does anyone wanna go skinny dipping in the gowanus canal with me

microbiological analysis of the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn has revealed an antimicrobial resistance reservoir and bioremediation potential, and fungicide resistance in Fusarium graminearum, the fungus recently smuggled into the US.

Amidst what he calls “Gowanus Footballs” (bloated, decomposing rats) and “Coney Island whitefish” (used condoms)

MAKE CITIZENS A SUPERFUND I had no idea Brooklyn established eminent domain over old brick & string lighting. 👀 

You do realise joie de vivre doesn't automatically expire once it travels past the filthy Gowanus Canal?

Do you feel sunsets are passé cos they went mainstream thousands of years ago, too? Yesterday a body was fished out of the Canal & he rhetorically responded, ONLY ONE!i walked across the gowanus canal tonight and it still smells so bad. i can’t believe they built luxury housing right next to it lol Canoed the Gowanus Canal. 
